Marshall: Oh, man, it kills.
Marshall: You know I don't believe in pain killers.
Marshall: Well, it added up. I've never broken anything. I've never been sick, and when I need to, I can summon incredible strength. Ted, tell her the story of the really heavy door.
Marshall: On one pull.
Marshall: Yeah. It sucks, all that work I put in training for the marathon was a total waste.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: You're kidding, right?
Marshall: So like tomorrow, you think you could wake up, roll out of bed, and just run the New York City Marathon?
Marshall:
Marshall: You have a gambling problem. You'll bet me 50.
Marshall: Each runner gets a tracking chip so you can follow them online, see when they pass certain checkpoints. Barney's got mine in his shoe.
Marshall: This ought to be good. Wow. (48 minutes later) He's already passing the second checkpoint.
Marshall: He's gotta be cheating, okay. He knew we'd check.
Marshall: Well, it looks like, "Barney" should be coming over the Queensboro Bridge and up First Avenue within the next hour or so. But... there is no way that that's really him.
Marshall: It's really him.
Marshall: All right. I got to admit, you earned this.
Marshall: Oh, hey, just so you know, uh, all marathon runners get to use the subway for free today.
Marshall: Best 50 bucks I ever spent.
Marshall: My pants are starting to feel a little tight.
Marshall: I cannot allow this.
Marshall: I am going to run the New York City Marathon.
Marshall: Yeah, but from now on, I'm eating all of my breakfast runner-style. Liquids are digested faster. That way, no energy is wasted, and it's all about the run.
Marshall: This is gonna be your best run yet. You're going to accomplish all of your goals. You are a robot sent from the future to win the marathon! You are... Marshall. You are... Marshall. You are Marshall! Yeah!
Marshall: Oh, gosh! Dude, you are a terrific runner. Tomorrow you're gonna run and finish the New York City Marathon! You're the best. You look good. Nobody does it better than you.
Marshall: Nobody does it better than you.
Marshall: I have to quit.
Marshall: I need to do better things with my life, okay? There's-There's an opening for an environmental lawyer at the National Resources Defense Council. Sure, it pays less, but I'd be saving the oceans, saving endangered species...
Marshall: What?
Marshall: You're right. Tomorrow, I'm quitting GNB.
Marshall: Baby, I did it! I quit. And then I walked right over to the NRDC, and I took that job.
Marshall: Yeah. It's a little less money than I was expecting. I mean, compared to what I was making at GNB, it's nothing. Actually compared to anything, it's nothing. It's nothing. The paid position just got filled, so all I can do is-is volunteer right now. You're cool with that, right?
Marshall: Hey, guys. Thanks. Hey. I just had the best first day at the NRDC.
Marshall: Barney, I'm not playing...
Marshall: I'm really loving my new job.
Marshall: I'm so glad to hear you say that because I volunteered our apartment for a big NRDC fund-raiser tomorrow night. You're-You're cool with that, right?
Marshall: Thanks, baby. (phone chirps) Oh. Ooh, I gotta go. The invitations are ready. The party's for a bunch of environmentalists, so I found a guy downtown who makes biodegradable party invitations that can also be used as toilet paper.
Marshall: Oh, buddy, I'd love to, but I can't.
Marshall: Hey, buddy, I think you got a tiny little bit of marinara sauce on your tie there.
Marshall: Hey, Professor Rodriguez, thank you so much for coming.
Marshall: Right over there. Enjoy. Hey. Hey, thanks for picking him up.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Oh, thanks, babe. You would not believe how much this one has done to help throw this party, Ted. I don't know how she does it. Can't be easy, huh, Lil?
Marshall: No, you know what? Me, too. Um... I want to thank you for being so supportive of me in all this. I've been at the NRDC for less than a week, and I've already done more to be proud of than in two years at GNB. I can't believe how good it feels. But now, it's time for me to find a way to help the Earth and get paid for it, because I can't put that burden entirely on you. So, starting tomorrow, I'll look for something with a paycheck. What do you think?
Marshall: We're not going anywhere, buddy. We're gonna stay here right till the end.
Marshall: Yes, of course, of course... anything.
Marshall: Wh-Where'd you get a meatball...
Marshall: Okay, yes, yes, of course. Of course. Does this have some sort of special meaning?
Marshall: Well done.
Marshall: You know, Ted has played cool, that's exactly what he should do. In fact, I would say on a scale of...
Marshall:... up...
Marshall: I think you've been great.
Marshall: Tony is rich? Tell me that you wrote a check. Tell me that you did a very big check. So big that he not remove his shirt to go swimming.
Marshall: It's a very big check.
Marshall: It's...
Marshall: What do you mean "no thank you"? You'd be a great teacher. You are an expert, you can talk, and when necessary, you can get to grow a beautiful beard.
Marshall: That sucks, dude. You did not manage to blow it up?
Marshall: I have done. It was... when? In 1998.
Marshall: There is no fire. In fact, you know, there's a fire in the barbecue where I go. Nothing special. Burgers, chops...merguez.
Marshall: Yeah, merguez. My mother's marinated in beer for 2 days. That's it. It's weird, I could have sworn that what those big, succulent smoked sausages had writing on it. Bizarre.You were saying?
Marshall: It said: "Ownership of Minnesota police, Jorgensen."You like merguez, Jorgensen agent?
Marshall: It's all in the assessment of your enemy. I knew he loved the sausages because he was out of breath just by coming to my car and he had mustard on his holster.
Marshall: Are you kidding? Robin is a pretty girl. They have no fines. I bet she was often stopped and has never had.
Marshall: Gruesome?
Marshall: You can not do it!
Marshall: It's from a porno. I saw him. sh1t, I did.
Marshall: Guys, it's 3:00 in the morning and it reeks in here.
Marshall: Ted! How many times have i asked you to put the lid back on the peanut butter jar? (Ted wants to speak but Marshall goes on) It's this sort of incoiderate, immature jackassery that makes me feel like i'm living in the Realworld house, and not the early years when they all had jobs and social consciences. I'm talking about Hawaii and after! I can't take this anymore!
Marshall: Hey, here's one. Private building, recently renovated, hardwood floors, tons of light, two bedroom, 2 bath.
Marshall: Oh right!
Marshall: You should buy a place!
Marshall: Baby, real estate is always a good investment!
Marshall: And the market is really hot right now.
Marshall: And because of my new job, we are in such a strong place financially.
Marshall: Yeah, i know, my sudent loans are pretty big.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Let's just go take a look at this place.
Marshall: Uh, it's in a neighborhood called... Dowisetrepla?
Marshall: O, Actually we live on the Upper West side, so...
Marshall: I'm, I'm gonna stop you right there. Dont bother with the hard sell. This place is, is way out of our price range, and besides, we've only just started to looking.
Marshall: Thank you guys for coming down here so quickly.
Marshall: No, Dude. This is dowisetrepla.
Marshall: yeah!
Marshall: pffff (to the estate agent) he's from Ohio. (to Ted) Dowisetrepla is the up-and-coming neighborhood.
Marshall: I think this right the place where lily and i start a family, I can see it now.
Marshall: All right, bring it home, boys!
Marshall: Man, life is gonna be sweet!
Marshall: I see what you're doing here. "another couple", please, that crap is page one out of the Realtor's playbook. And we're not buying it.
Marshall: Another couple? No! We want it. Sell it to us. We'll give you so much more money.
Marshall: But we're not doing this for now, we're doing this for our future. Can't you imagine starting a family here?
Marshall: Looks great girls. Who wants crapes of
Marshall: Yes! I've been staring at that thing for years. Wendy, bring me the comically large bottle of champagne.
Marshall: Honey, once you've made the sale, stop selling.
Marshall: Hey, uh, can we get this in singles? Before we get the apartment i want to put in a kiddie pool and swim around in it naked. (laugh)
Marshall: Thank you.
Marshall: Go ahead, just give him your social.
Marshall: Under six percent, under six percent, please
Marshall: No way. That-that can't be right.
Marshall: Hold it, I- i don't understand. Did we do something wrong or...?
Marshall: My student loans. Great. I thought we were friends. you know what, it's fine to penalize me for trying to get an education and bud a career, but i will not let you deprive my beautiful wife of her dream home just because i...
Marshall: Hey, hey guys.
Marshall: I went, uh, to the bar.
Marshall: I paid for it. And apparently money's tight now, so...
Marshall: What?! What?!
Marshall: Lily... are you trying to kill me?
Marshall: No, you shouldn't have! I love you, Lily.
Marshall: That's the sweetest divorce proposal i've ever heard.
Marshall: No we're not getting divorced, not even on paper. Lily, when i married you, i married your problems too. The ones i knew about and the ones i didn't. So that was the deal, we'll figure this out together. (They kiss, the waitress comes)
Marshall: I just got off the phone with the Realtor. We told her that, uh, because of our finances, we're not getting the place. It's just --it's not the right time.
Marshall: Ow this is exciting!
Marshall: Shall we?
Marshall: It reeks!
Marshall: Wait... What did you just say?
Marshall: Well, all skyscrapers kind of look like a...
Marshall: Wow, so it's the whole package.
Marshall: Had to.
Marshall: Yeah, you did.
Marshall: Yeah, you did.
Marshall: You know what, dude? Forget about Robin, okay? You're hanging with us tonight. I've got an awome party lined up.
Marshall: That was a poker game. What is wrong with you? No, it's the first law school party of the year and it's gonna be awesome. I haven't seen this guys since, like, last year before Lily and I broke up. So I'm gonna have to break the news to everybody. It's really gonna bum them out. This party's gonna suck.
Marshall: Your job's not boring.
Marshall: I didn't want to ruin the party for everybody this early, but, uh... everyone take a seat. Um... Lily actually called off the wedding this summer to go to San Francisco. So... We're broken up.
Marshall: Yeah, that's not really the part I was worried about, guys.
Marshall: Guys, can we cease and desist with the lawyer speak for a minute? Love died. The love that made you all believe in love, that's dead now.
Marshall: Uh, really? On what ground, Kara?
Marshall: Um... only always.
Marshall: Hello.
Marshall: Oh, Robin, hi. Um, no, Ted's not here tonight. He's, uh... he's working.
Marshall: Dude, dude, what are you doing?
Marshall: You proved it, all right? The whole "Ted Mosby, architect" things works.
Marshall: Aren't you a little worried that a certain somebody might find out that you're doing this? This isn't you, Ted.
Marshall: Dude, dude, what are you doing?
Marshall: All right, you proved it. The whole "Ted Mosby, architect" thing works.
Marshall: Aren't you afraid a certain somebody might find out about this? I mean, this isn't you, Ted.
Marshall: This was about to be my third bowl. Why shouldn't I eat the soup? Why shouldn't I eat the soup?
Marshall: Lily got food poisoning from some soup. And then I ate the soup exactly three hours later. Which means I can see exactly three hours into my future, and it... doesn't... look... good. I tried to be supportive.
Marshall: Of course, baby. (He hesitates, then put one finger onto her back)
Marshall: But it doesn't help it that when Lily gets going; she sounds like a velociraptor from Jurassic Park. But then I realized a man can do a lot of living in three hours. So, I'm out experiencing this beautiful, crazy dance called life. Ah, my last meal. MacClaren's famous jalapeno poppers. My doctor says I need to eat healthier, so I figured the round-trip flight these babies are about to take will land them permanently on the no-fry list. Good-bye, my friend. It's been a hell of a ride. I have to...
Marshall: Hey, babe. The gang says feel better.
Marshall: Um, I...
Marshall: I know. I just said that you had the sniffles. No one is picturing anything but little red-nosed you under a blankie with some hot tea.
Marshall: According to my calculations, at 6:00 p.m., my body is gonna pay out like the most disgusting slot machine in the world. That gives me two hours to go do the interview and still get back in time.
Marshall: Don't worry. I'll be prepared.
Marshall: Can... I... borrow... an adult diaper?
Marshall: Hello, hi.
Marshall: That's a seal.
Marshall: Mm-hmm.
Marshall: A pile of rotting seagull carcasses covered in toxic sludge.
Marshall: I have food poisoning and I'm about to start volcanoing toxic sludge out of both ends! (Marshall leaves in a hurry)
Marshall: Lily, this year, this nasty schoolyard bully of a year will not stop punching me in the face. How did we kick off 2011? My dad died. And now after five months of unemployment, I just blew my dream job. The good news is, in a few seconds, I'm gonna start heaving my guts out because that's what life is for me now: just losing what's inside until I'm just empty.
Marshall: I just want to shut my eyes for a few seconds before it starts. (He lyes down onto the bed and falls asleep)
Marshall: Lily, it's a miracle. I didn't get sick. I didn't get sick.
Marshall: Come on, man, you're on it for three days without stopping. This is your birthday. Come have a beer on the roof.
Marshall: That's a big restaurant for tourists. Just put wide doors and chairs strengthened. Birthday beer on the roof. Let's go!
Marshall: What? We brought you a surprise party, last year.Thou shalt have no surprises on two holidays. The fact that the world has come to the first was surprising. Not? Two surprises on Christmas! It is very strong! It is very strong! Great!(Marshall goes on the roof) Super... It still will not mount.
Marshall: Yes, Robin, I know. This festival is... is... a disaster.It was my idea. I take responsibility. There is one thing to do.
Marshall: Lily, I have to! (He stands on the edge of the roof) It's useless to procrastinate.
Marshall: You know who knows how to live? These people.
Marshall: It looks to be a... sacred... spa.
Marshall: I can jump it.
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: Look.
Marshall: Do not worry. If I can jump tonight, it will save the evening.
Marshall: When Evel Knievel rode his rocket star on the shore of Snake River Canyon, you think his wife said "Honey, come down here '?
Marshall: No need to remind me.
Marshall: Sorry, but I have to.
Marshall: Why?
Marshall: My God! My God, really? I saw you look fat...
Marshall: This is the permission I needed.
Marshall: It is. It... is... go! It is.
Marshall: Bravo, Lily. I mean, what a bomb. Who saw this coming?
Marshall: 7 months and 29 days.
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: OK, first... Second, there is a trick you can try. It's risky, but it can pay off. Lack of anything better, I'll call it... The Mosby.
Marshall: It could squarely mosbyser.
Marshall: Do you remember your first time with Ted? You wanted to get on the train Ted, visit his yard.
Marshall: What changed everything?
Marshall: You're really pretty, but abnormally high and you will not believe in ghosts.
Marshall: I was about to jump. You've not heard saying "OK" loop?
Marshall: It's good. Sorry, everyone. Lily does not want me jumping. (He descends from the rim) Thank God.
Marshall: You got beat by a girl.
Marshall: I'll tell you, I will eat more chops.
Marshall: I will not eat.. never... chops! Before Ted!
Marshall: You're right. You're completely right. I love you, Lily.
Marshall: I did it!
Marshall: I can do anything!
Marshall: I bought a motorcycle!
Marshall: OK, sorry. Come on, guys.
Marshall: Okay, Robin, what you need is indeed something that buries a bone, but I'm not talking about a dog. I'm talking about a man.
Marshall: You're clearly trying to fill a hole... in her heart. You feel like the seventh wheel, because now Ted is with Zoey and Barney's with Nora and Lily's with Big Fudge.
Marshall: Oh, Robin, if you weren't so much stronger than me, I would slap you.
Marshall: I know, and, look, he seems plenty nice, but I didn't mean bring home the first guy you bump into on the street.
Marshall: Oh, I actually think he's quite intelligent for what he is.
Marshall: He's a dog.
Marshall: No, I didn't say, "He a dawg." I said, "He's a dog." As in, a dog. I think we've all noticed a few curious mannerisms. Or rather, doggerisms.
Marshall: Okay, Scooby, you ready?
Marshall: Okay, you're right. He dropped it.
Marshall: You are so playful.
Marshall: So, Scooby, we were thinking if you're going to be hanging out with our Robin, you should be properly vetted.
Marshall: Tell us the "tail"
Marshall: No, no, you're right, Robin. We don't want your new guy to "flea."
Marshall: What part of Canada is that? Speak.
Marshall: Just make sure it's not a high-frequency whistle, because we don't want to torture Robin's boyfriend.
Marshall: You got nothing on me.
Marshall: Checkmate.
Marshall: We did not meet him at a strip club. No, sir. Because... Barney don't go to no strip clubs.
Marshall: Okay, I think that we're done here, I think that we have adequately established that Barney is... the kind of guy that you would bring home to meet your parents. Okay? So... let's just drop it, all right?
Marshall: Whoa. Put that away.
Marshall: Sandwiches make me hungry.
Marshall: Yeah?
Marshall: Okay, I'll tell you. Okay. One time Barney saw me drop a calzone on the sidewalk, pick it up, and then keep eating it. It feels so good to finally say that out loud. I...
Marshall: Oh, no! That means the poor guy's out there with no identification.
Marshall: It wasn't me.
Marshall: I know Paul Schaffer's sandwich guy. This could happen.
Marshall: No, great idea!
Marshall: Of course. Back to the pizza place!
Marshall: Who's Scooby?
Marshall: Scooby!
Marshall: Bluntly.
Marshall: I know about you, but I will not namaster here too long.
Marshall: Super, meals included, right?
Marshall: There's no meat.
Marshall: Even worse, I'm 90% sure that this kind in which you spoke was the lead singer of Spin Doctors.
Marshall: I know. I understand something is "no ex". Why would we want that history failed to come see one successful?It's like inviting the Seattle Mariners World Series. It's embarrassing for everyone.
Marshall: It should not come.
Marshall: It's the right decision.
Marshall: Do not you remember?
Marshall: After a while, is that the waffle.
Marshall: I thought you started that yesterday.
Marshall: It's okay.
Marshall: Guys, guys, guys. When you've had the best burger in NY, every other burger tastes like my grandpa's feet. But you guys eat up, enjoy my grandpa's feet.
Marshall: It was eight years ago, my first week in New York, and for a kid from Minnesota, the big city was a scary place.
Marshall: Oh, thank God it's just you.
Marshall: Why would I have to leave? I can have anything I want delivered, and New York City cable is awesome. Have you seen this public access show with the old Jewish lady in a bikini? (Laughing) It's disgusting.
Marshall: What if I do, Ted. I don't have a switchblade. I don't know how to break-dance and win the begrudging respect of a street gang.
Marshall: No. Look, the old lady in a bikini is back on. I'm just gonna lie back and get comfortable.
Marshall: Okay. (He takes the bat discreetly.)
Marshall: Fine.
Marshall: And then, right when I started to get a little hungry, I turned a corner...
Marshall: And there it was.
Marshall: So, I went inside.
Marshall: Ted, you got to wake up. Wake...
Marshall: I'm all right. Ted, I've just had the most amazing burger of my life! It's this awesome little place, Regis Philbin eats there, so it's sort of like a celebrity hot spot. But the burger. The burger. Dude.
Marshall: I don't know. (Looking to his watch.) Does stuff in New York stay open past... 9:30?
Marshall: Wait, Penny Noir was a drag queen?
Marshall: Anyways, we never found the place. Now, eight years have passed, still... No burger.
Marshall: Okay, here we go.
Marshall: No, you don't.
Marshall: Oh, the Corner Bistro! It's amazing, I spent a quarter of my life searching for the best burger in New York City, but silly me, it never occurred to me to check the highest-rated burger in the Zagat guide. Wow, thanks a lot, guy. Let me return the favor. Great cup of coffee: Starbucks.
Marshall: Robin, I've tried every so-called best burger in New York City trying to find that burger. Or at least forget about her.
Marshall: But none of those places even came close.
Marshall: That's the one, Mr. Philbin. Do you remember where it is?
Marshall: No.
Marshall: That's where my story ends. Now I'm doomed to walk the earth forever searching for that green door and that red neon sign that says "Burger."
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: I knew it was on a numbered street!
Marshall: I cannot believe we're finally gonna have this burger
Marshall: Green door, red neon sign. Guys, this is the place. I've actually, I prepared a few words.
Marshall:Let's just go inside then. Shall we?
Marshall: It's not it.
Marshall: Just a burger? It's so much more than just a burger. I mean, that first bite... Oh, what heaven that first bite is. The bun, like a sesame-freckled breast of an angel, resting gently on the ketchup and mustard below. Flavors mingling in a seductive "pas de deux". And then... a pickle the most... playful... little pickle, and then a slice of tomato, a leaf of lettuce, and a... a patty... of ground beef, so... exquisite...swirling in your mouth, breaking apart and combining again in a fugue of sweets and savories so... delightful. This is no mere sandwich of grilled meat and toasted bread. This is God... speaking to us through food.
Marshall: Okay, look, so, so this, this isn't the place. All right, it's no big deal. It's another place with a green door and a red neon sign that says "Burger". I'll just... I'll call every restaurant in Manhattan and ask 'em what colour their door is. No big deal, right? Let's do this.
Marshall: Heads! It's going to be heads. It's almost usually heads.
Marshall: Hey!
Marshall: Nope. They laugh.
Marshall: We're going.
Marshall: 106. A numbered street. Of course.
Marshall: Stop the cab!
Marshall: Wait. This is it.
Marshall: This is it.
Marshall: It was ri... it was right here. It was... it was right on this very spot.
Marshall: I got a job.
Marshall: Goliath National Bank. That's why Barney's been going on and on about how, how great Goliath is. He wanted you to be excited for me since we will to working together.
Marshall: Yeah and I also want to be a Harlem Globetrotter and get paid in candy, but in the meantime, I need a job, and this is, this is a really good one. It's great pay and there's good benefits, and to be honest, it gives me a reason to put on pants in the morning. You know, I have my whole life to save the planet, but right now I'm kind of really excited to wear pants again.
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: It's stupid. I think about that first week in New York. You know? I was 22 years old. I had my whole future ahead of me. I guess I just kind of thought that if I could have that burger one more time and feel that way for one more night, that I might be able to check that off the list, and grow up, go work for the stupid bank, and just... be happy.
Marshall: Let's pay the man.
Marshall: I haven't worked since March.
Marshall: Thank you.
Marshall: This is it.
Marshall: It's exactly the same. It's the best burger in New York. Go ahead, eat up, eat up.
Marshall: If he does get that burger pregnant, I have dibs on the delicious burger babies.
Marshall: You were just freakin' teasing us.
Marshall: If it's someone you see on a regular basis, and you can't avoid them...
Marshall: Oh, yeah, and remember what happened with us and the gerards across the hall?
Marshall: That's not even possible.
Marshall: There's no way.
Marshall: Oh, hi, welcome to the building. Yeah.
Marshall: Don't kill the bar, dude.
Marshall: yeah, well, i think it'll be okay.
Marshall: We just go across the hall.
Marshall: We just go across the hall.
Marshall: Dude, you got to flick it.
Marshall: Don't kill the bar, dude.
Marshall: Don't kill the bar, dude.
Marshall: It's fine.
Marshall: on my suggestion, you... (Barney looks at a girl)
Marshall: Dude, actually, we made other plans, so... okay (Michael mimes) one word. 2 syllables. Sounds like... parades: charades.
Marshall: yeah.
Marshall: I remember that.
Marshall: Ro! we are such idiots!
Marshall: It's freakin' supernatural. Are they ghosts? Can only we see them?
Marshall: Don't kill the bar dude!
Marshall: don't kill the bar dude.
Marshall: guys, we like you a lot...
Marshall: Maybe we should just go back to being neighbors.
Marshall: I think we're clear.
Marshall: That was close.
Marshall: I have no idea. (it knocks again)
Marshall: Wait! (He looks at the judha: Ted is alone)
Marshall: Baby, we only have one choice.
Marshall: Dude.
Marshall: So what do you mean "it wasn't a date"?
Marshall: Why would she think that?
Marshall: Have fun.
Marshall: Oh, you're wearing a flower.
Marshall: Ah, didn't compliment. Just observed.
Marshall: Along with 50 other clowns. It's a clown car. Oh.
Marshall: Oh, you haven't watched it yet?
Marshall: Sweet! I get that a lot. Well, once.
Marshall: That sounds ridiculous.
Marshall: You can't do that on television.
Marshall: No. You can't do that on television!
Marshall: I don't know. I think he did a pretty good job, considering he was probably only using one hand.
Marshall: Oh, come on, Lily. Nobody stays friends with their high school friends.
Marshall: Dude, he lives in Cleveland. You see him once a year, at which point, he punches you really hard in the arm and tells everyone how you dookied your pants. I know, on paper he sounds great, but you guys aren't really friends.
Marshall: Of course. Robin hates kids.
Marshall: That's got to be it, right, Lil? Lil?
Marshall: Oh, sweetheart.
Marshall: Dude. Feel the room.
Marshall: Lily, come on. We don't even know that's what happened.
Marshall: Look, Lily. Robin is clearly getting tired of you constantly talking about babies.
Marshall: Lily, how old am I?
Marshall: Okay. So before you Lily all over the place, maybe you should try hanging out with Robin and not talking about babies.
Marshall: For crying out loud. You broke up with Robin?
Marshall: Okay, Lily, you sound about as convincing as you did the time you "accidentally" shredded my Joey Buttafuoco pants.
Marshall: Get on the phone, call Robin and fix this.
Marshall: You know what? No. I don't agree with what you did, and so I refuse to comfort you, despite how adorable you are when you cry.
Marshall: Okay. Maybe just one cuddle, but then that is it.
Marshall: Okay, you refused to talk to Robin. So I thought that you might like to talk to... the organist for the New York Rangers. Jessica Glitter?!
Marshall: Simple, really. I used my powers of deduction. You see, I knew Glitter used to be a keytarist, which is basically a piano, so I just made a list of all the keyboard-based occupations and then I cross-matched them...
Marshall: Yo, Glitter... Be cool.
Marshall: Charge!
Marshall: I'm so happy you guys made up.
Marshall: Come on, Barney. It's a sweet song about friendship.
Marshall: What are you talking about? Your mother still lives in the house you grew up in.
Marshall: Unsubscribe.
Marshall: That sounds plausible.
Marshall: Does your mom make stuff like that up a lot?
Marshall: I'm pretty sure that's what stunted my growth. I hit 6'4" in the fifth grade, and then I just stopped.
Marshall: Yeah, but that's a good lie. Like when we tell Ted he'll meet the right girl and settle down.
Marshall: You will meet her, buddy.
Marshall: Yeah!
Marshall: Baby, it's Santa. Don't you want our kids going to sleep on Christmas Eve with their hearts full of hope, their heads full of crazy cough syrup nightmares, knowing that downstairs Kris Kringle is stuffing their stockings full of joy and stuffing his belly full of milk and lutefisk that they left him?
Marshall: Yeah, that's just what Santa needs at 3:00 a.m. when he's battling a snowstorm over the Rockies: a sugar crash. No. Santa needs protein.
Marshall: I suppose you have a problem with the Easter Bunny, too.
Marshall: Maybe we shouldn't have brought these Sloppy Joes.
Marshall: Yeah, but you know what? He took a big step today...
Marshall: Or, he could just let him have this one.
Marshall: Guys, Barney's losing his childhood home, he finally admitted Bob Barker's not his dad, and then he watched James meet his real father. It's just a lot to go through in one afternoon. Can't we just let the guy be black for a day?
Marshall: Tell me about it, that cake, best cake I ever had. Seriously. My stomach was like, hey bro, I don't know what you're eating 'cause I don't have any eyes but it's basically awesome so keep sending it down gullet alley.
Marshall: Say what?
Marshall: Oh.
Marshall: Dude, that is just like... a weenie ass idea.
Marshall: Ted, how do I explain this to you? Last night I had the best cake of my life. You think I'm gonna let that cake out of my life? Hell, no. I'm gonna find out what bakery made that cake and then I'm gonna get some more cake.
Marshall: It haunts me.
Marshall: So, where did you guys go?
Marshall: A drumroll? That's it. So, what, you just said good-night, came home, and performed a drum solo?
Marshall: So, let's get to work, man. What else do you know about her?
Marshall: Yeah, come on, dude. Ask her about the cake.
Marshall: Maybe she was a ghost. That's why she didn't wanna kiss you, because you'd just pass right through her and feel really cold for a second. Oh my God, I just had a great idea for a screenplay.
Marshall: I know that she wasn't a ghost, she picked up a bouquet, proving she had corporeal form.
Marshall: Or Ictor. Probably doesn't go by Ictor.
Marshall: Agreed.
Marshall: She made that cake. Ted, this is the girl. You gotta marry her, today. She has to move in with us.
Marshall: Baby, what are you talking about?!
Marshall: Good luck, dude. Grab me a cupcake.
Marshall: Sold.
Marshall: You do not care what, guys? You are back together?
Marshall: It's a great idea. No, really. Hat guys. I saw in the future and everything works perfectly for everyone.
Marshall: I was working and I had to take a leap here...reading this magazine. In... the room there.
Marshall: Well, Robin. Nobody likes reading a magazine at work. You leave your office holding a magazine...
Marshall:... and the magazine says one thing and no one.
Marshall: You have to read a magazine. That's why there has magazines.
Marshall: Exactly. And the worst part is, this piece of my hallway door to the toilet. It's exposure to criticism.
Marshall: It was my head.
Marshall: The boss.
Marshall: Anyway, I'd rather do it here.
Marshall: No, certainly not. Reminds me of a bargain between three parties where no one would discuss a certain event happened. An event... persuasion. This key, madam, this is my silence. Good day to you both.
Marshall: Thank you, Lily.
Marshall: I knew you had not of paddler!
Marshall: Sure.
Marshall: Baby? What has he?
Marshall: That's not what you think.
Marshall: Burrito. Carnitas Burrito.
Marshall: You do not want me to see if the waitress at a huge scale for this haughty tone with you? Nobody likes reading a magazine at work and they say they are not human.
Marshall: OK.
Marshall: Bizarre. It's weird.
Marshall: Do you have any?
Marshall: Wait. Maybe she has not found it weird.
Marshall: Sold.
Marshall: That was the case.
Marshall: Everything was going well. I felt more and more comfortable, more confident. I could conquer the world. One morning I'm in the eighth with a magazine.
Marshall: The celebrities extend their clothes? I also extend my machine. (The man breaks the wall of the toilet where Marshall is located) Do not enter!
Marshall: It did not last long.
Marshall: I just... reading a magazine. Here at work.
Marshall: It's the funniest thing. I was on the net, looking at hotels when I realized something.
Marshall: This is stupid.
Marshall: I decided it was time to face my complex and do what I had to do and once that decision, everything changed.
Marshall: You're right, Super Babe Are My Woman Stop telling me Why You Are Not Famous But I stop To forget. Let's do it.
Marshall: Thank you. I would have done well at some point.Sometimes you have to... You have to say and... go there.
Marshall:... Species
Marshall: What? No, what are you talking about? It can be our first double date as couples! And plus, it sounds awesome! Is the original Chewbacca going to be there?
Marshall: Hey, do you think they'll have Wookiee to English dictionaries there? I mean, even just an everyday phrase book would be helpful.
Marshall: Where are you taking me, Barney?
Marshall: Where are you taking me?
Marshall: Barney, why are we here?
Marshall: Thanks, man.
Marshall: Okay, right. So, if Robin knew that you were here, she would be completely fine with it?
Marshall: Married!
Marshall: I do! It's just not that easy.
Marshall: Not everyone is you, okay, Barney? Even when I do start to have a dirty thought like that... it seems so much like cheating on Lily, that I feel guilty. So first, I need to have a different fantasy.
Marshall: I will never love again.
Marshall: (kissing his hand and looking up and ) This one's for you Lily. (to the delivery girl, opening his shirt) Where do I sign?
Marshall: And then watch out, because it is on!
Marshall: It's all I know, okay? I can't, I can't help it.
Marshall: Stop looking at her.
Marshall: (hitting him) I'll kill you!
Marshall: Dude, um...
Marshall: Okay, babe, look, before you get mad, let me...
Marshall: It's, no, it's nothing.
Marshall: Lily, Sometimes I think about other women. Okay, it happens. But even when I do, I feel so guilty that I have to imagine you... passing away first, because even in a fantasy world, I could never cheat on you. You're... you're just my life, baby. And I love you.
Marshall: Murder?! No! I, baby-no. You develop a chronic illness! I spare no expense for your care! I even stand up a foundation in your name. We're, like, this close to a cure.
Marshall: Well, it is a lot cheaper than buying a condom. Oh!
Marshall: Thanks, baby. I'm-I'm so lucky I have you. And stripper you.
Marshall: That was a hundred?
Marshall: Wow.
Marshall: Hey. Girlfriend trouble? I wish I could help, but my unbelievably cool wife just bought us a private dance with her stripper body double. So if you need me, I'll be getting grinded like some pepper, in theChampagne room.
Marshall: Hey, Lil. Looks like, uh, Jasmine's having a hard time getting out of those boots.
Marshall: Lily?
Marshall: (going on the stage) Lily!
Marshall: Stashed a cooler behind the pulpit. Beer be with you.
Marshall: Yeah. You're welcome, God. Nervous?
Marshall: Look at your beer, dude. You always do that when you're nervous.
Marshall: Okay, I'm almost ready to leave. Let's just go through the checklist. Candles?
Marshall: Music to set the mood?
Marshall: Music for when we're actually doing it?
Marshall: Nope!
Marshall: Hey! How was your day? Don't answer. No time. Bedroom. No, no. No time. Floor. No, no time. Against this wall!
Marshall: Yeah, it did.
Marshall: Well, that's a little weird, but yeah, it is.
Marshall: A bassinet? Oh, my... He must've made it in his wood shop. Wasn't that sweet of him? Lil? Isn't that sweet? Lily?
Marshall: Of course I did. I tell my dad everything. My dad is my best friend.
Marshall: We have been looking forward to this magical, special night for two weeks now. And, sweetie, during that time, I have been... How do I put this delicately? Saving all my love for you.
Marshall: Ah, no! Don't even touch me, dude. It's been, like... It's been two weeks. I'm, like, a light breeze away from having a big problem. Seriously. (He looks at Robin, picking her teeth) Okay, I'm better now.
Marshall: Lily! We kind of had a plan tonight, remember? Candles? Banjo?
Marshall: Shannon? Start the music...
Marshall: I may have mentioned it in passing to a couple of colleagues at work. I'm sorry about that, but you know what? I got to be able to tell my dad.
Marshall: Pickles would have helped that sandwich!
Marshall: Yeah, well, you know what? I've already told him, so the damage is done.
Marshall: Okay, so you just... You want me to give my dad a stroke?
Marshall: That's ridiculous. Lily, there is no way that I would ever... Okay, everyone needs to shut up so that I can think!
Marshall: Okay, so you just want me to call my dad and tell him that we're not having a baby?
Marshall: Okay, out of curiosity,when do we tell him about the baby?
Marshall: So, he just gets no notice? He just walks into his boss's office, and says, "I just had a grandson. I'm gonna be out for three months."
Marshall: Yeah. He and my mom are coming to live with us when the baby's born. We talked about this.
Marshall: I meant, me and my dad.
Marshall: Oh, okay, Lily.Why don't you have a baby with your butt?
Marshall: I can't think straight! Why do you have to wear that shirt? This is not how I thought this night was going to go!
Marshall: What? Lily, what? Are there more members of my family that you want to crap all over?
Marshall: I'm sorry. Hold on. Just... It's my dad. Lily, it's my dad, okay? I love him, and if he calls me, I'm gonna answer the phone! Hey, Dad.
Marshall: Dad, this is...
Marshall: Dad, I'm in the middle of something right now.
Marshall: He's insane. My dad is insane. I'm so sorry, Lily. He's just... He's so... enthusiastic. It's ridiculous, you know? Like, who's like that?
Marshall: Baby, I'm not trying to pressure you one bit.
Marshall: Not even for one second. Not having a baby would suck, but the idea of you letting me down... that's impossible. That would be like aliens landing. That's a bad example, because that could happen. It probably already has. I saw this, episode... All right.
Marshall: Dude, it's just a wedding toast.
Marshall: It will be.
Marshall: Ted, seriously, relax. Everything's... Okay, and it's raining.
Marshall: You didn't happen to bring an umbrella, did you?
Marshall: I mean, everyone told us that it might take a while, but... We thought we might be the exception to the rule. Anyways, we're getting back on that horse. I mean, feeling good about the future. Obviously, this goes without saying, but you won't tell Lily about any of this, right?
Marshall: It's beautiful. She is 10 pounds. It is organic. Do you remember my uncle Heinrek bald? Looks like his head squarely.(The taxi hand) Oh, my God! My my turkey... turkey!
Marshall: You have brought back an old turkey replacement.Why I have not listened to the message of former mayor Ed Koch saying not to forget my business.
Marshall: Yes! It's my turkey! Come here, my beautiful little enfoirée!
Marshall: You're the best friends in the world!
Marshall: I do not know what to say. It's Thanksgiving, but "thank you" does not seem enough.
Marshall: Yes, and you know why? Because I love you. And I'll show you how. Ted Mosby and Robin Scherbatsky, I bring you... the fourth slap.
Marshall: Certainly not. Unless you were thinking... "Baffegiving two: Revenge of the lower" in this case, yes, that's what I'm saying!
Marshall: Lily is the curator of the bet.
Marshall: Life is short. I tell myself, Baffe Diem. A rule, the slap must be given before sunset to avoid interference dinner Lily.
Marshall: Two, you must decide which of you will. Three, we will attach to the chair Barney, now be called The Throne of Baffe. It fits you?
Marshall: Rita, you are anxious... to move to Florida?
Marshall: They surprised you with a girl?
Marshall: I do not know but we should bring him in and discover.
Marshall: Stay there, okay? We will solve the problem.
Marshall: Lily, go. It's been 3 years. This is long enough.
Marshall: I've supported when our neighbor, Mr. Sias, died in your sight.
Marshall: And when Whitney, your maid of honor, had died in your sight.
Marshall: I even understood when Mr. Park to the grocery store downstairs was dead in your eyes.
Marshall: I've supported with these unknowns, but it's your father, okay? We can at least give him some turkey?
Marshall: Go. Please, I can not ask him to leave at Thanksgiving.
Marshall: He was trying to earn money to feed his family.
Marshall: So we can give pieces of chicken not cooked.
Marshall: It's your family. And I'm sorry but we do not separate the family.
Marshall: It is not ridiculously close.
Marshall: A family must be close like that. And I want our future family is. And that includes your father.
Marshall: It will take about 5 minutes.
Marshall: It's a disease?
Marshall: Your father has made mistakes in the past, but it has changed. He moved out of your grandparents. He has a job. He pays his taxes.
Marshall: Gender, body language. Okay, we had a drink last week.
Marshall: Yeah, kind, all the time. She tells this story all the time...
Marshall: No, not a word. But that does not have to be like that.We can fix that, right?
Marshall: And right before my eyes, your father broke down in tears. (Actually, it's Marshall who starts crying) Stop it! You come to Thanksgiving!
Marshall: The poor man was sobbing. What could I do? A fool and called him a girl, what I found unjustified.
Marshall: You and I are married. So it is also part of my family.(Marshall will open the door for the third time) Enter.
Marshall: It must be half an hour. We should get Lily.
Marshall: We should really get Lily.
Marshall: You come here and you watch your daughter go without care. And now you destroy the Thanksgiving dinner! Lily is on it since this morning!
Marshall: This is my look "you're dead to me."
Marshall: Get out of my house!
Marshall: In Mr. Park... I was not expecting to find you here. Lily, I'm sorry. Just let me express myself. I thought the family was right but it's wrong. It is a privilege, and it deserves it. I put your father out. And I promise you, baby, I do... you never force her to see him again. (Lily starts to cry) What? Baby, what has happened?
Marshall: You just 2 minutes. You decided which of you will be entitled to a slap in the face to Barney?
Marshall: Because... the slap did exactly what I hoped. It brought us together. And it forced us to recognize the weakness and at the same time the greatness in ourselves and in others.
Marshall: And so... there will not slap... of... today.
Marshall: 4! So the turkey?
Marshall: Oh, God. I'm reaching dangerous levels of psychage. Must do robot.
Marshall: I can't believe we're leaving a party that had pigs in blankets. If you think we can beat that, you got some brass ones.
Marshall: My word.
Marshall: How are your feet doing, baby?
Marshall: Let's go back to party number one.
Marshall: Oh, dude, not now!
Marshall: Yeah, we like hot dogs.
Marshall: Wait. Baby, what are you doing?
Marshall: But... hot dogs.
Marshall: Okay, I'll go with you.
Marshall: Are you sure?
Marshall: Don't say that. We'll find each other. We'll find each other.
Marshall: Hell of a woman. Let's go get some hot dogs!
Marshall: Oh, yeah! Look at us. Riding around in a limo. Eating hot dogs. It's like we're the president.
Marshall: Guys. Is that Moby? I think that that's Moby.
Marshall: Uh, Ted. Sidebar?
Marshall: What about Lily?
Marshall: I've been trying to call her. I can't get through. All the circuits are jammed.
Marshall: No, I-I can't. Lily's waiting. I gotta... I gotta find her. Okay, I'll meet you at party number three.
Marshall: Lily!
Marshall: I knew I'd catch up with you guys eventually. So much to tell. I couldn't find Lily at party number three so I walked... I walked to the next party on the list.
Marshall: Yes, Moby's party. Check it out. He signed my shirt. And guess what I found. Yeah, I heard it playing at the party, so I swiped it. Yeah, I know. Come on.
Marshall: I tried, baby. All the circuits were jammed. But wait, there's more. After party number four, I figured you guys went to party number five. And so I went there, too, and it is awesome. I want to cry, it is so awesome. We have to go there.
Marshall: Three minutes!
Marshall: It's like Thanksgiving in my mouth.
Marshall: The shuttle's here!
Marshall: Baby, we're holding up the shuttle, do you have everything you need? Toothbrush, pajamas, underpants. Underpants.
Marshall: Where are all my underpants?
Marshall: Let's go.
Marshall: Hello, we're home!
Marshall: We invented it. It's the most dangerous and awesome sport in the world.
Marshall: You wish.
Marshall: I don't know honey, it's not really a sport for a girl.
Marshall: Oh my God, there is some serious baskiceball going on out there. Dad totally nailed Marcus in the face with a snowball, which is a foul because you only get one snowball per possession, so I nailed him in the shin with my skate and I totally dunked it.
Marshall: You having fun? Lily: Yeah, but I kinda miss you. Could you stay in here for a little bit?
Marshall: Yeah, yeah yeah, no problem, it's halftime.
Marshall: Thanks baby.
Marshall: Oh, isn't this great? Can't you see why everybody from my high school stays in this town?
Marshall: Hey Marvin, you're the dorko, dorko!
Marshall: He's been drinking his milk.
Marshall: Dad, you're embarrassing me.
Marshall: Well, we haven't actually decided anything yet so...
Marshall: Why not St. Cloud? I mean, I loved growing up St. Cloud. St. Cloud is a great place to have a childhood.
Marshall: Yes, I do. But you always said that when we had kids, you wanted to move out of Manhattan.
Marshall: Why are we even talking about this? This is way down the road.
Marshall: Lily, the restroom's the other way.
Marshall: Lily.
Marshall: Lily!
Marshall: Lily's been arrested.
Marshall: Thanks, Pete.
Marshall: You all right? Lily: No. I embarrassed myself in front of your family and now I'm celebrating Thanksgiving in probably the most depressing place ever.
Marshall: Well, I'm glad that you're safe. Hey, weird question, why did you drive three miles down Route 23 and take a pee behind a convenience store?
Marshall: Look, I'm not suggesting that we move here tomorrow. I'm just...
Marshall: Why do you want me to promise you that?
Marshall: I'm Funyuns and mayonnaise and gummy bears and baskiceball and I love St. Cloud. And yes, there is a part of me that would like to move here someday, and why are we having this discussion in a jail cell on Thanksgiving?
Marshall: Whoa.
Marshall: Lily, we can't let our kids play baskiceball. Baskiceball is really dangerous.
Marshall: Look, I don't wanna be exactly like my family, and don't take this the wrong way, but I don't wanna be exactly like your family either.
Marshall: What does it say? Lily: I'm afraid to look.
Marshall: This is taking forever. Are you sure you did it right?
Marshall: Hey, can I ask you a question that's plagued me for years? Can girls aim?
Marshall: Okay, you're the one who put the Far Side calendar up over the toilet. You know I laugh with my whole body.
Marshall: It's positive? It's positive.
Marshall: Well, thank you. I mean, we've never been happier. Can't imagine anything bringing me down right now.
Marshall: Well, that did it.
Marshall: Are you sure you did it right?
Marshall: Oh, my gosh. That's amazing news.
Marshall: Well, thank you. I mean, we've never been happier.
Marshall: Hey, guys. Big announcement.
Marshall: No, just a $30 gift card to Costa Coffee.
Marshall: we've never been happier. can't imagine bringing e down right now.
Marshall: Huh? I don't know what that is.
Marshall: Velour is so comfortable. They're so soft.
Marshall: This is great. I'm happy. I'm so happy, my heart's pounding. And I'm sweating. And I can't breathe. This is what happiness feels like, right? Oh, crap. Lily's having a baby and I'm having a panic attack. I hope she can't tell what I'm thinking right now.
Marshall: Do you think the others can tell we're freaking out?
Marshall: They're totally onto us. What do we do?
Marshall: I'm committed. I'm riding this wave straight to hell.
Marshall: Lily, we have to relax. There's no need to panic. True, there's a lot to do, but we've got nine months to prepare. So I say that we just make a list of everything that needs to get done before the baby arrives and do everything on that list tonight!
Marshall: Nursery's painted!
Marshall: Damn it!
Marshall: Oh, God. Okay, listen. When we meet them, we have to keep it together. Can you keep it together?!
Marshall: Well, thank you. I mean, we've never been happier.
Marshall: This is a nightmare! We've done everything wrong!
Marshall: You know what, the Jerky Boys are funny.
Marshall: You know what, fine, if you don't think the Jerky Boys are funny, then I'm not sure that I can raise a child with you, liver lips.
Marshall: I know. Okay? I don't like it either. It's like I have a hot, burning ball of stress in my chest, and nothing will make it go away!
Marshall: Well, that did it.
Marshall: Yeah. Huge bummer.
Marshall: Oh, yeah, whatever. Oh, Christmas-themed movie snack. Nice.
Marshall: Oh. You know, we're actually kind of relieved. We were freaking out for about a day and a half there.
Marshall: Yeah, we were thinking maybe we would just get a dog.
Marshall: Can you imagine... That would be the cutest thing!
Marshall: We're idiots.
Marshall: We're ready for this.
Marshall: You sure?
Marshall: No!
Marshall: Back in college, Ted and I used to take these crazy road trips from Connecticut all the way to Chicago just for Gazzola's pizza.
Marshall: Man, those Gazzola trips, that's... that's when we really became bros.
Marshall: Drank nothing but Tantrum.
Marshall: Oh, man, we went through a whole case of Tantrum one trip.
Marshall: I think that's the reason that I pass out when I hear church bells.
Marshall: So what time are we leaving for Gazzola's tomorrow?
Marshall: We most certainly did.
Marshall: We no longer have a hemorrhoid problem.
Marshall: Tantrum!
Marshall: We most certainly did!
Marshall: Don't worry, we'll get out on the road, it'll be just like old times.
Marshall: Goodbye, Sparky.
Marshall: Oh!
Marshall: Well, don't worry, the next exit's the hotel. We can go there.
Marshall: Well, I mean, single people can have fun here, too, right?
Marshall: Ok, Ted, we're not in college anymore, okay? We don't have to drive all night.
Marshall: Shh.
Marshall: Lily is asleep. I suppose I could reschedule my pedicure. What the hell? But only light beer because we have a couple hike in the morning.
Marshall: Dude, why are we pulling to the highway? Ted, where exactly are we going to get this beer?
Marshall: What are you doing? We can't just leave Lily. When she wakes up, she's going to freak!
Marshall: I just abandoned my wife. How am I supposed to have fun?
Marshall: If she's pissed, she's pissed.
Marshall: You're making me wonder if this pizza is worth the 22 hour drive.
Marshall: I feel so young again except for the chest pains.
Marshall: Cornmeal...
Marshall: I don't want this anymore.
Marshall: We shouldn't have left Lily.
Marshall: I have. I left her, like, 20 messages. I said, "I'm sorry. Please forgive me. It's all Ted's fault!"
Marshall: This! This whole thing! We were having a perfectly nice trip, and then you kidnapped me. You didn't even let me, put on underwear!
Marshall: That is not true.
Marshall: Well, you know what? That mushroom's not the only thing that's living. Car keys, please.
Marshall: I'm sorry, ted!
Marshall: No, I never should have brought lily. She pees all the time, even at the apartment. Still bros?
Marshall: Hells, yeah!
Marshall: Listen to the Sparky book again.
Marshall: Hey, baby? Baby?
Marshall: I'm so sorry that we left you.
Marshall: That's good. And I'm so sorry you didn't get any pizza.
Marshall: God, my stomach! Damn you, Gazzola's!
Marshall: Baby, cut it out of me.
Marshall: That was a wild trip, huh, Ted?
Marshall: You know who had fun, was Lily. Lily drank like, four cans of the stuff. Right Lil'? Where's Lily?
Marshall: She could've knocked on any door to find someone to fix her stereo, but she knocked on mine.
Marshall: (Opens ring) Will you marry me.
Marshall: Got it. Thanks for helping me plan this out, Ted.
Marshall: (laughs) yeah, sorry. We thought you were asleep.
Marshall: Yeah, what are you doing tonight?
Marshall: Hey!
Marshall: Yes, I am.
Marshall: I can handle this; I'm full of surprises tonight.
Marshall: BOOGITY BOO! And that's all of them! I'm goanna go... cook. (Leaves)
Marshall: Okay, look what I got (runs to the fridge. Takes out wine bottle)
Marshall: (after short silence) Yeah. (hands it back)
Marshall: I'm not scared.
Marshall: Fine (takes bottle. Looks at it for a couple of seconds) Please open it (hands it to Lily)
Marshall: (To Lily) will you marry me?
Marshall: I promised Ted we wouldn't do that.
Marshall: No, but dibs. Where's that champagne? I wanna drink a toast with my fiancé.
Marshall: I don't know why I was so scared of this. Pretty easy right? (Pops cork, hit's Lily's eye)
Marshall: (covers mouth) OH!
Marshall: I'm sorry, Lily. I'm so sorry. Take us to the hospital.
Marshall: Lilly?
Marshall: Oh let's see (thinks) she likes dogs?
Marshall:...she drinks scotch?
Marshall: Can quote obscure lines from "Ghostbusters"?
Marshall: She hates olives! Awesome!
Marshall: Oh, it is on! It is on (imitates robot) till the break of dawn.
Marshall: So? Did you kiss her?
Marshall: No! (To Lily) I didn't, I swear.
Marshall: Huh, guy didn't jump
Marshall: Oh-Dude, it's midnight. As your future lawyer I'm goanna advise you: that's freakin' crazy!
Marshall: Word up!
Marshall: Kiss the crap out of that girl
Marshall: Go back in there!
Marshall: He's in.
Marshall: Yeah...
Marshall: Yeah, hate olives.
Marshall: (looks around for sign of Lily) You have to swear that this does not leave this cab.
Marshall: On our first date, I ordered a Greek salad; Lily asked if she could have my olives. I said, "Sure... I hate olives."
Marshall: Well, I was eighteen, okay? I was a virgin. Been waiting for my whole life for a pretty girl to want my olives.
Marshall: Yeah, I'm scared, okay? But when I think about spending the rest of my life with Lily... committing forever, no other women (Lily appears behind Marshall in the open window) doesn't scare me at all. I'm marrying that girl. (Lily pops her head in from the window. Marshall turns around) Lily. Lily, I like olives.
Marshall: It's been like twenty minutes. You think they're doin' it?
Marshall: Doggie style. (Laughs)
Marshall: That was the signal!
Marshall: (Toasting) To my fiancé!
Marshall: Okay. That man is terrifying.
Marshall: I figured it out! I know what's so creepy about The Captain.
Marshall: Yeah. I snapped this photo of him last time he dropped off Zoey.Observe. The bottom half of his face... is smiling. He seems happy. Seems like a nice guy. (everyone is murmuring happily) But the top half of his face...wants to murder you! Cheerful. Wants to murder you. No. Cheerful. Wants to murder you. Now, hold on. Let me ask him a question. Captain, what do you think of ice cream? Oh, he loves it!
Marshall: Whoa, he hates them.
Marshall: He hates that he loves them.
Marshall: Running the water.
Marshall: Excuse me, Captain, how do you feel about Ted and Zoey having an intimate chat by candlelight? It'll be the last dinner they ever have.
Marshall: Please.
Marshall: Lily's right, Ted. Once you're married, it's very hard to be friends with a single person of the opposite s*x.
Marshall: No doubt, Robo Cop.
Marshall: I guess it's true. You and I never really hang out alone.
Marshall: What's wrong with this shirt?
Marshall: Totally.
Marshall: Did you catch the game last night?
Marshall: You know what's fun? Is cold weather sports.
Marshall: She's giving me nothing! He's just staring at me! She's just staring at me! It's making me nervous. Great, now my left eye is twitching.
Marshall: Lots of drinks.
Marshall: You were just thinking that this dinner is really boring. That's what made you think of your boring class in college.
Marshall: Robin, I'm an attorney.
Marshall: I guess it's 'cause we never hang out alone together.
Marshall: It's 'cause of The Mermaid Theory.
Marshall: Two years ago, I had just hired a new assistant at GNB.
Marshall: Okay, that's Iris, my new assistant. And yes, she's a little plain, but I'm married, so that's good.
Marshall: I don't think that's gonna be a problem.
Marshall: I'm sorry. Myth?
Marshall: And it took one year, three months, and 16 days, but eventually...
Marshall: Did we bet on this?
Marshall: As Lily's best friend, you are the last person on the planet o's allowed to turn into a mermaid.
Marshall: Big-time manatee.
Marshall: Huh. I don't know. Being out at sea can do crazy things to a man.
Marshall: Yes. I mean, sure, right now, you're bald and leathery ancovered in a thick layer of blubber...
Marshall:...but at some point, my stupid male brain will transform you into a foxy fish-babe singin' "Part of Your World" to my pants.
Marshall: I asked Barney the same thing.
Marshall: Death?
Marshall: Mm-hmm. Once a mermaid gets pregnant, she becomes a manatee again. Never thought I'd say that sentence.
Marshall: Yeah, me, too.
Marshall: No... No, no! No! No, don't turn!
Marshall: I really do.
Marshall: No problem.
Marshall: What's new?
Marshall: Why? Lily loves a clean sink so I do the dishes right away, what's the problem?
Marshall: Look at you. You got a girlfriend for 5 minutes and you think playing in the big leagues. Adorable. Son... I'm in a relationship for your ponytail and that you were playing the guitar with Dave Matthews Mom. I am a good boyfriend when I sleep. I can do a killer foot massage, hand and prepare a great chamomile on the other, which would make you cry. Damn, I know more about how to make popcorn and watch movies with Sandra Bullock in that you'll ever know, but thank you to worry, blue.
Marshall: Go ahead.
Marshall: Not really.
Marshall: But if I said that, we will play, so...
Marshall: I can not believe Robin supports it.
Marshall: You're leaving. Robin begins to coat. I never heard anything so stupid.
Marshall: Call me crazy.
Marshall: But when you have a problem with Lily, it is discussed.
Marshall: Go to the basics!
Marshall: Wait, Ted. Listen to the man.
Marshall: He's right.
Marshall: It was cool, huh?
Marshall: No, not at all. I hate doing the dishes right away.
Marshall: I hate it! I hate it from the depths of my soul! I hate it! I hate it I hate it!
Marshall: Barney... With his madness, his theory goes well thought might work.
Marshall: Will it work.
Marshall: Barney argued logically. Lily is a reasonable woman. I think if I explain, understand and can go in my opinion.
Marshall: It is a slap bet?
Marshall: Lily, I am delighted that you mention.
Marshall: I can stay here tonight?
Marshall: Terrible. And because of you! I listened to your advice stupid!
Marshall: Lily, I am delighted that you mention. No. And that's why... It's like, okay? You want me to get up and I wash my dishes. But maybe... I want you... combs the ceiling, right? I can say, "Yes. I will do my dishes, if you get up and you painted the ceiling of naked babies. " You see? It's just...
Marshall: I do not know what happened. I am a lawyer. I earn my living by arguing but when it is with Lily, I'm... confused. How not to be with her eyes and her breasts?
Marshall: I should have noted.
Marshall: I'm making more money than you.
Marshall: Dance for me.
Marshall: It's so much better when you said but with me, it turned into an argument. And when we started arguing, it starts to mutate and multiply.
Marshall: It started with the dishes but after...
Marshall: It's not what I say... but it's true. And suddenly, we argue as to who works the hardest.
Marshall: You eat cookies and you glue stuff. And other disputes are parties. Until there is so much we can no longer follow.
Marshall: My mother does not hate you. It is neutral about you.I'm not afraid of your imitation of Shining. I just did not need to hear it mostly at night.
Marshall: Do not do that, please.
Marshall: Dude, Lily is played badly. It is small... but as a vicious badger that your brother would have caught and starved for 5 days and placed in your sleeping bag. I should go and apologize.
Marshall: He's right.
Marshall: This dish is my manhood! And I want to leave my manhood deep in the dirty sink full of ketchup and pasta...
Marshall: Well sh1t, it's my right! I will wipe my manhood when I'm ready!
Marshall: I do not care if the dishes are not done. If you do not give a damn, do it.
Marshall: I spent 18 years without a woman does not affect me. I can do it again.
Marshall: I do not know what to do. We never had to fight so long. It's as if I no longer existed. Sunday morning, she made a pancake, Ted. A pancake and a slice of bacon.
Marshall: Well, maybe Barney was all inclusive. He and Ro-Ro are the best pair now. With Lily it was dethroned.
Marshall: Apparently, she loves them now. And... come on, someone had to stop T-Mose.
Marshall: The bagpipe seems different today. There was an echo.
Marshall: You've done for me?
Marshall: I'll do the dishes directly to my death.
Marshall: Sure, honey.
Marshall: I love you too.
Marshall: I do not know. Sometimes you just let his ego aside.
Marshall: Best couple of the world!
Marshall: Guess what? These glasses are plastic. So you can throw them. So no dirty dishes in the sink.
Marshall: Where's the fuse box?
Marshall: You know what?
Marshall: Yes, Robin.
Marshall: Barney... you go get that girl.
Marshall: See you.
Marshall: Mm. What's your secret?
Marshall: You know what, Robin?
Marshall: Oh my God, guys, I still have a hangover. Did I really ruin a marriage?
Marshall: Ok, you know what, it's good. I'll be a father, and I want to be the kind of man that my child can watch. Therefore, new resolution... I will never drunk! I'm serious!
Marshall: I've done it again!
Marshall: Guys, this is Garrison Cootes.
Marshall: If I did not work, I could finish... in kind, a Taco Belle somewhere. And nobody wants that. Unless you want to do this, like this you would have free tacos, since you are my friends. But now I need you all calmiez! (He finally won) Hello.
Marshall: I love the work you do.
Marshall: No, I mean it.
Marshall: He's interested!
Marshall: It's fantastic, Mr Cootes!
Marshall: The crocodile you saw?
Marshall: Third base. Seriously, third base.
Marshall: Treat yourself my friend. Treat yourself. Oh no.
Marshall: Poor. This is very bad.
Marshall: Oh! Oh! Someone there mentioned generous donation? I'm Marshall Eriksen. But you can call me Biercules!
Marshall: Pete Durkenson.
Marshall: I wanted to join a club that I left three days later, because the clubs are stupid and elitist. And I also discovered that it was not a club.
Marshall: Pete, Pete. Hey!
Marshall: Hey, I tried to call you all night.
Marshall: It is Sunday.
Marshall: Ok, you know this old video of me?
Marshall: You have to take away the internet. Genre immediately.
Marshall: Yes, both are non-negotiable refusal.
Marshall: Who are you playing anyway?
Marshall: Pete, please. I am unemployed. I have a huge mortgage. A baby arriving. And I'm about to lose a job that I really need because of a drunken video of 15 years ago.
Marshall: There is no club.
Marshall: It's not that I want to be a troublemaker. Fair, I must be one. I'll be a dad. You have children one day, you will understand.
Marshall: Pete, please, remove the video.
Marshall: Oh no.
Marshall: Pete, please, I'm tired...
Marshall: I do not want to play Edward bottles money.
Marshall: I've done it again!
Marshall: Just to be clear, "I've done it again!"... Am not referring to my current state of inebriation.
Marshall: My name is Marshall Eriksen. I'm 33 and if my potential future employer, Garrison Cootes, look at this... Prostrate to Biercules!
Marshall: It had to happen eventually. I tried so hard to suppress my... "side-idiot-who-is-not-care-for nothing" he rebelled and has struggled!
Marshall: Who do I crazy? I'm not ready to be a father. I thought I was, but it's like... My father never did such things, you know?
Marshall: It's not bad. Also, for posterity, a statement drunk guy! I would not drink again.
Marshall: Carpet Biercules! Yeah!
Marshall: Hello?
Marshall: Yes, Mr Cootes. How are you?
Marshall: Sir, the fact is that...
Marshall: It's fantastic. Thank you, Mr Cootes.
Marshall: Oh, there was a snake in the swamp?
Marshall: I got the job.
Marshall: And I think my boss is already sexually harassing me. But he saw the video and he does not care!
Marshall: Yes. Hello?
Marshall: Yes, no, I know. Pete, we drank together yesterday.
Marshall: You know what? Let her.
Marshall: You know what? That's good. I want my children to see every part of me.
Marshall: I will remember Pete.
Marshall: Ted, Lily and I noticed some things last night.
Marshall: And your feet maybe? I do not know the rules.
Marshall: The fighting is for dummies. We are civilized people, civilized people not fight. Except with a lightsaber, but that's in for 3 or 5 years...
Marshall: I'm on the forums every day. In 3-5 Thanksgiving, I découperai turkey with my saber green.
Marshall: Listen to me, trust me, I fought hard. There is no pride to be learned.
Marshall: My brothers.
Marshall: That's the monster of guilis!
Marshall: Wait! Go! Go! Cocoa break.
Marshall: So you fought. Seriously.
Marshall: Why should I pay?
Marshall: You know what, Doug? I will gladly pay. And why?As adults do. They pay their glasses, and they fight it. You know what I did when you were kids? That's what I did.
Marshall: I was...
Marshall: No. I was...
Marshall: You spoiles? No. I'll tell you what I did...
Marshall: I hate them! They behave like guys the most virile of the universe, as Crocodile Dundee and David Hasselhoff.
Marshall: I know why they are given all the attention. In fact, it's me, the real hero.
Marshall: I'm serious, woman. Put it in your pants.
Marshall: Okay. OK. I recadrerai.
Marshall: What? No! The panda and the koala Mahatma Luther King tell you that story to show...
Marshall: What? I was not afraid! I did a lot of fights, OK?
Marshall: First, I wear a sweater off, which has horizontal stripes. And I also... I ate salty... So I... You know what? Shut up!
Marshall: I know.
Marshall: You could have a good time in prison.
Marshall: You should have thought before beating them.
Marshall: No what?
Marshall: I knew it! You have not even given a single shot.
Marshall: Who's the wimp now? Answer: you.
Marshall: You know the old saying: "If you can not assume, do not pretend to have done, do not laugh and refuses glasses blackjack and not defend your friend, who, coincidentally, lived full of fights with his brothers. "
Marshall: Listen to this. You know, this fight? The guys were pretending.
Marshall: Good news, I talked to the guys.
Marshall: The ones you do not beaten. They will not go to trial.Lawyer.
Marshall: Yes, I just told them you were wimps. It has made us laugh. Poilade good, actually. I said that you did manicure every month.
Marshall: And you played the harp in the dance club of the pre-reform in college.
Marshall: Sure. We were all agreed that it was a guy who had beaten and that you had nothing to do with it...
Marshall: Affirmative.
Marshall: It's true. They have nothing to do with it. Look at them.
Marshall: Look at him.
Marshall: It would not 5 minutes in combat.
Marshall: It is as limp as spaghetti.
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Ca
Marshall: Apparently, Uncle Marshall and his brothers did more than fight.
Marshall: It's so good to be home. Mom, Lily, good job. "Good meat, good food, good Lord, to the food. "No? OK, let's go. Put your glasses. (Everyone dons glasses and takes out a sword Marshall Green) Okay, pass me the plate. Lily, white or red meat?
Marshall: Oh no, no, it does that.
Marshall: I can not wait to tell everyone.
Marshall: It's a bit superstitious, do not you think?
Marshall: Has it been crashed once?
Marshall: Ok, so everything will be okay. Promised.
Marshall: I'm so happy. I do not know how we will keep this secret for three months.
Marshall: You really feel this ring now.
Marshall: I'll do it for the child.
Marshall: During the season of super bowl, but if they mean the super bowl. Go Vikings.
Marshall: I'd to 4 glasses without eating.
Marshall: Well done.
Marshall: I gotta go get some air.
Marshall: That's it. You're too polite to brag. Well, fine. Let me do it. Because the only person on Earth who loves more than Ted Mosby Marshall Eriksen Marshall Eriksen is drunk. So here we go.
Marshall: Wow! Ted! It's really you on the cover of New York.Now, you say "yes."
Marshall: You know what? This is not nothing. Clay, my friend Ted has designed a building, Clay. What do you do, Clay?
Marshall: Hear, hear, Clay. No major publication does write about your small agency?
Marshall: Oh my God, look at this little baby. She's so cute. All I want is to put her little feet in my mouth. You have created something really beautiful.
Marshall: Hey, kid. (With another couple and their child...) So this little angel is already every night?
Marshall: Baby, I can not do that. I have to tell someone that we are pregnant.
Marshall: There are babies everywhere. It's minefield of sweetness. Look at this little b*st*rd.
Marshall: Yeah!
Marshall: Hey! (Marshall took the microphone from the hands of Ted) This is not a whiner. They are tears of joy. Ted is happy for his friends because it's the best guy I know. And do you know why he is happy? For the beautiful young lady is pregnant here.
Marshall: In the season's Super Bowl, but if they mean the Super Bowl. Go Vikings!
Marshall: Are those...
Marshall: This is a tough one.
Marshall: Violent... Viola...
Marshall: You guys talking to each other? Nobody's listening.
Marshall: Oh, I wish I could... I think Lily and I are just goi...
Marshall: Consistently.
Marshall: (singing) Studyin' law. Making a responsible choice for my future... on a Friday Night. Bein' a lawyer had better be awesome.
Marshall: (on Phone. Singing) What's up, Ted?
Marshall: (on Phone) Yeah.
Marshall: (on Phone) That is awesome.
Marshall: (on Phone) Man, I wish I could, guys, but...
Marshall: (On Phone) I...I didn't ask.
Marshall: (On Phone) Ouff, yeah... I bet she gets that a lot.
Marshall: (On Phone) Not with a ring on your finger. I mean, you know, guys see the ring and it's like Cha-Chung! Marshall parking only.
Marshall: (On Phone) Oh, it's totally the ring. If you took that ring off your finger, you'd have a ton o' guys crowding around your junk.
Marshall: (On Phone) G-g-g-going to Philly!
Marshall: (On Phone) But we're on an adventure!
Marshall: (On Phone) Fine! (Hangs up)
Marshall: (On Phone) Listen to me, you're both American citizens. Don't let them pull any patriot-act voodoo. You both retain the right to refuse to answer any questions without an attorney present so don't say anything until I get there, alright? Okay, goodbye (Hangs up. Sings) To Philly! The adventure continues! Destroy!
Marshall: (On Phone) Man, I'm almost half way there!
Marshall: (On Phone) Can't we just... just...
Marshall: (On Phone) Legendary, that sounds awesome!
Marshall: (On Phone. Sighs) Fine. (Beep) Hold on I have another call. (Presses button) Hello.
Marshall: (On Phone With Ted) Sorry, Buddy, two against one. (hangs up)
Marshall: (On Phone) Robin! Uh... Where's Lily
Marshall: (On Phone) Is she talking to some hot guy? Oh, you can tell me. It's totally cool. It was my idea! Hell, I told her she could take the ring off.
Marshall: (On Phone) No! Don't interrupt it's awesome. So the rings really off, huh? (Realizing what he's done) It's awesome... Well just tell her I called and... tell her that... she's awesome. (Hangs up. Sings dryly) Really, really awesome. Our relationship is built on mutual trust. (Dryly) I can't breathe!
Marshall: Baby, please don't ever take that ring off again. No matter how awesome I say that it is.
Marshall: BACK OFF HOMBRE. I'm not that afraid to fight you. You wanna test this guy? Be my guest!
Marshall: Oh, thank god... I've never been in a fight before. (hugs him)
Marshall: Who's "he"?!
Marshall: I'm sorry, baby. I ate a bunch of ice cream earlier today.
Marshall: Oh, I'll come with you.
Marshall: Just because we like spending time together doesn't mean we're codependent.
Marshall: Okay, we decided not to do that because of...
Marshall: Frickin' logistics, man. They mess everything up.
Marshall: Sure we could.
Marshall: Okay, let's do it.
Marshall: I'm gonna go grab a beer.
Marshall: Oh, you didn't. That's right.
Marshall: You know what, Barney? Lily and I are a lot less chees than you make us out to be.
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Did you memorize our registry?
Marshall: Training? For what?
Marshall: No way!
Marshall: Whoa, that is so awesome.
Marshall: That's fantastic.
Marshall: Oh, crap.
Marshall: Are you crazy? You cannot tell that story at my wedding. My entire family's gonna be there. My little cousins, my mom, my grandma, my grandpa the minister.
Marshall: His favorite grandson is getting married, Ted. I think he can take a day off from haunting the barn to make an appearance.
Marshall: What was that?
Marshall: I'm all ears. Hello, everyone,
Marshall: Nice.
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: Yeah. Ted leaves the room.
Marshall: So here's what you want to talk about in front of my entire family: drinking, having a girl in my room, eating junk food.
Marshall: Yeah, Ted, 'cause nutrition's not important. Also, so Lily's never heard that story before. How's she going to react when she finds out the first time I said "I love you" to her, I was actually saying it to you and a bag of Funyuns
Marshall: Hey, Lil.
Marshall: What are you talking about?
Marshall: Oh, wow, that was pretty close.
Marshall: Finally.
Marshall: Still strong, right?
Marshall: Oh, don't thank me. Thank my parents for teaching me good values.
Marshall: You know what I'd like to do to you right now? I'd like to hold your hand. I'd like to hold your hand so hard that you're not able to shake hands for a week.
Marshall: That's the worst toast I've ever heard, dude. It's totally boring.
Marshall: I know.
Marshall: Going to the bathroom.
Marshall: Sleepwalking?
Marshall: Robbing us?
Marshall: I can't sleep without you. Hey, baby? Would you be the big spoon for a while?
Marshall: How's the weight gaining going?
Marshall: Well, I'm here now.
Marshall: Um, I thought since we're going to be apart for two whole weeks, I would sing you your night-night song. Night-night, Lily Night-night, Lily It's time to go to bed, oh, my silly, little Lily Time to rest your little head Sha-la-la-la-la Sha-la-la-la-la Come on, Ted.
Marshall: You promised.
Marshall: I miss Barney. I haven't "high five" with anyone like a week. I think I might be starting to lose my fist bone careless.
Marshall: Wait, so you haven't had s*x since like Thanksgiving. Do you know how many big federal holidays have come and gone since then.
Marshall: Yeah, I do. We ode that dude big time.
Marshall: Wow. Stella hasn't had s*x since 2003. Let's just put this in context. The last time Stella had s*x, the movie, Seabiscuit, had just galloped into the theaters... and our hearts.
Marshall: The last time Stella had s*x, the world was just learning about SARS.
Marshall: The last time Stella had s*x, The Da Vinci Code had just come out.
Marshall: Not the movie, the book.
Marshall: Dude, relax, it's all about expectations management. Do you know why I hated Jerry Maguire so much?
Marshall: No, because you built it up for, like, two weeks, saying it was the greatest movie ever. With Stella, do the opposite: lower expectations.
Marshall: Hey. So, uh, looking forward to tonight?
Marshall: This one wakes me up at 4am sometimes just to have a little night out.
Marshall: You haven't had s*x in five years??!! That is a shocking revelation that we're just finding out right now!
Marshall: Hey, guys!
Marshall: Scott?
Marshall: Another cake?!
Marshall: Beer.
Marshall: Beer.
Marshall: They always told me that working at a big law firm was like being at war...
Marshall:...You get out of law school, it's like getting out of boot camp. That first day at work, you're storming the beaches, full of piss and vinegar...
Marshall: Totally.
Marshall: Freakin' briefcases.
Marshall: Totally empty. you?
Marshall: Then you get in the trenches side by side with your buddies. And you feel a sense of camaraderie. But before too long...
Marshall:...the shells start to fall. Hello, Arthur.
Marshall: Arthur Hobbes is one of the senior partners at my firm, and he's... he's my boss. He seems like a nice guy, but he's got a nickname... Artillery arthur.
Marshall: It's going fine. How is yours?
Marshall: He is, he's in... just in his office next door.
Marshall: You, too. (Arthur leaves Marshall's office) You never know who's gonna get hit...
Marshall: It was brutal, But the worst was a few minutes later.
Marshall: Yeah, sorry.
Marshall: So that brings us to today. A little background. So I'm working on this report called "Using 23-b-3 spurious class action precedent to contest a class certification order based on a lack of commonality, numerosity..."
Marshall: Okay. yeah, fine, whatever. Um, so I'm supposed to turn in "the ninja report" yesterday. But I got insanely busy with other stuff, I didn't get a chance to finish it, and then this morning...
Marshall: I gotta go.
Marshall: And then...
Marshall: He screamed at me.
Marshall: Barney, I have never been screamed at like that in my life.
Marshall: Yeah, about that... So Arthur's busy giving me the full screaming treatment... Face turning red, vein in his forehead about to burst, spittle flying like shrapnel. Everyone you work with walking by your office, peering in. And suddenly, I just felt all of it.
Marshall: All of it. The fact that I became a lawyer to save the environment, and now I'm working for the bad guys instead. The fact that I am stuck in this job because of a mortgage I can barely afford on an apartment that is crooked. The fact that I am a grown man, and nobody, not even Artillery Arthur, has the right to talk to me like that!
Marshall: I begged my body not to do it. But it was no use. I just... I just...
Marshall: I don't know what happened. There's just something about being yelled at like that, like I was being scolded by my dad. Suddenly... suddenly I was a little boy.
Marshall: I felt absolutely powerless. Flaccid... Hell, I... I felt castrated.
Marshall: And the worst thing is, tomorrow morning I have to walk into Arthur's office and give him the ninja report.
Marshall: How the hell am I supposed to face this guy again?
Marshall: Yeah, because it's so easy just to bust out a big, eloquent speech off the top of your head.
Marshall: Guys, guys, this is not helping, okay? I can't have some big confrontation with Arthur. I need this job, i... I need the money.
Marshall: It's great to fantasize about, but nobody ever actually does it.
Marshall: He peed on the conference table?
Marshall: That's it? that's the end of the story?
Marshall: How does that help me? How does any of this help me? Can somebody, for god's sakes, please give me one piece of useful advice?
Marshall: Chain of screaming?
Marshall: I don't scream at Lily.
Marshall: Lily, I need your take on this. What... what should I do?
Marshall: You're right, baby, it's about respect. That is the first useful thing anyone's said to me tonight. Can you give me that speech again?
Marshall:No, the other part, please.
Marshall: Shh, don't say my name. Lily can't know it's me. Just pretend you're talking to Stella. Be all lovey dovey.
Marshall: Not good, not good at all.
Marshall: Right downstairs, come find me. Without Lily.
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: I'm in trouble, Ted. Ted, I'm freakin' out, man.
Marshall: I did something stupid, can we just drive somewhere? I need to get away... just drive, man. Please just drive.
Marshall: Dude!
Marshall: Remember how I said I was gonna give that big speech that Lily told me to give, be firm but respectful? Well, it didn't totally go that way.
Marshall: After we all finished talking last night, I went to the diner to finish working on the ninja report.
Marshall: How long have you been sitting there?
Marshall: Yeah, I was just about to order.
Marshall: A sandwich and gravy fries.
Marshall: No, I didn't want meatloaf.
Marshall: No, I don't.
Marshall: Who would I even scream at?
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Oh, I was just telling Ted a story.
Marshall: Okay, so... Then I say to Barney...
Marshall: I'm not gonna scream at the waiter, barney.
Marshall: Excuse me?
Marshall: This is not what I ordered.
Marshall: I beg your pardon, sir, But I ordered a sandwich and gravy fries, And as the customer, I'm always right, so...
Marshall: Guys, I'm telling a life-altering story here!
Marshall: I don't know, Barney, he worked a triple, it just...
Marshall: What?
Marshall: I'm not gonna yell at you, Barney.
Marshall: Okay, fine... what, you want me to yell at you?
Marshall: This is me yelling at you, Barney.
Marshall: This is me yelling at you, Barney!
Marshall: You don't look as good in suits as you think you do!
Marshall: Your mom's a slut!
Marshall: Your mom's a slut, and I'm sorry, Barney, but you and your brother clearly have different fathers, And you know why? It's probably because your mom is a slutty slut!
Marshall: I don't care what you say. Bob Barker is not your father!
Marshall: Oh my god, Barney, I'm so sorry...
Marshall: Bob Barker's not your father! You've concocted this delusional idea that a game show host is your real father, and he's not! You were abandoned, Barney! You were abandoned, and you never dealt with it, and so now you never allow yourself to feel anything, and that's how you survive in this corporate world, and if I keep heading down this path, I'm gonna turn into you! And I don't want that! I don't want any of this! This is not why I became a lawyer. This is not the person that I wanted to be...
Marshall:... I quit, Arthur! I quit!
Marshall: Really, 'cause I didn't mean to attack you personally, It's just that i...
Marshall: Dude!
Marshall: How am I supposed to tell lily? She supported me through three years of law school, and now is the time when I'm supposed to pay her back. Now we're gonna lose the apartment. The place where we were gonna raise our children. How am I supposed to tell the person who I love more than anything in this world that I've just thrown away our future?
Marshall: I'm so sorry. I just lost it. But I can fix it. First thing tomorrow, I'm gonna go in there on my hands and knees and beg for my job back.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: You sure about this?
Marshall: Ted, I don't think I can accept...
Marshall: Thanks a lot, buddy.
Marshall: Oh, yeah!
Marshall: You should definitely go. Look, it's a chance to show her you're still friends and that you support her.
Marshall: You really think that's true?
Marshall: Aha, so then the oldest profession would be fishermen. Kaboom! You've been lawyered.
Marshall: You just made that up.
Marshall: Lawyered. The point is, how long has it been?
Marshall: Boy. That's going to be really weird.
Marshall: Robin's bringing a date.
Marshall: Dude, it's going to be weird.
Marshall: Check out Robin's date.
Marshall: Is that who I think it is?
Marshall: Yosemite Sandy, definitely.
Marshall: Mary is a friend of Barney's. Barney invited her. Just met Mary ourselves. Don't know too much about Mary. Look, a beer.
Marshall: Man, Vampire Lou just looks great.
Marshall: Yeah, I can't believe you let her and Lily go to the ladies' room together, man. Secrets come out in there.
Marshall: Nobody. What did you guys talk about in there? Anything interesting?
Marshall: Well, it's just an internship, for the record.
Marshall: That's a real law firm.
Marshall: Nice.
Marshall: You just made that up.
Marshall: Lawyered. Okay, three things. First of all, Robin's category's almost up. And second of all, you cannot do this. It's wrong on every level. And third, I've been placing small items in Sandy's hair all night. He still hasn't noticed.
Marshall: Yeah, well... there we go.
Marshall: Congratulations.
Marshall: Dude, what are you doing?
Marshall: It looks bad, is what it looks like. You cannot do this.
Marshall: Oh, that's real mature.
Marshall: Nothing, baby. Don't worry about it. Fine. Do what you want. Hey.
Marshall: Wow, so they're...? Robin, where's Sandy Rivers?
Marshall: He's off trying to make you jealous.
Marshall: Lily, I know you're asleep, but I have to tell someone this, and we tell each other everything. So, here it goes. Mary's not a paralegal. She's a prostitute.
Marshall: Barney paid for her.
Marshall: We were having a conversation about prostitution, and then Barney calls her up and then she shows up at the bar and now she and Ted are upstairs.
Marshall: That's her napkin.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: So she's not...?
Marshall: Not funny, dude.
Marshall: I'm sorry, dude, it was funny.
Marshall: Come on, if you don't laugh, it just seems mean.
Marshall: Wait a minute, a month ago you told me relationships are like a traveling circus.
Marshall: Speech to talk a girl out of having s*x.
Marshall: Speaking of waiting, I signed an abstinence pledge in high school. It's totally cool to wait. And stay away from drugs... other than pot.
Marshall: Even Kyle gets to do that.
Marshall: No!
Marshall: We were 18.
Marshall: What camp?
Marshall: No, it was two nights ago. "She's Like the Wind" has been stuck in my brain for about 40 hours. I just got it out. Now it's back in. Damn you, Swayze!
Marshall: Yeah. It was back in college.
Marshall: Okay. You're right. Maybe we could go to the beach and get a house for the weekend.
Marshall: Okay.
Marshall: That's not a good idea.
Marshall: Long story. But maybe we could put on some Al Green and take a bubble bath together.
Marshall: That was amazing.
Marshall: We said we were sorry.
Marshall: You know what, I loaned you my Walkman.
Marshall: Yes, it does.
Marshall: No. Nobody else tested the water, right? Scooter?
Marshall: I... I can't believe this. We're Marshall and Lily, when people see us, they say, "Oh, look at them, they've only had s*x with each other."
Marshall: But now that's not true anymore, now you've had s*x with twice as many people as I have. I knew that you were too good at it.
Marshall: Why is this such a big deal? Oh, uh, sorry, Christopher Columbus, guess who actually discovered the New World. Some dude named Scooter. Oh, uh, Neil Armstrong, it actually goes like this: "One small step for man, one giant leap for Scooter." Whoa, hey, Adam, guess who got with Eve before you did...
Marshall: It's a big deal because it rewrites our history.
Marshall: Really. Excuse me, sir, uh, can you tell me how to get to the Empire State Building?
Marshall: Thank you, sir. You're a very wise and brilliant man.
Marshall: Yeah, but that didn't really count. Oh, crap.
Marshall: Yeah. Yeah, that's our story. We've only had s*x with each other.
Marshall: Well, we're usually busy... drinking.
Marshall: That's right, I almost forgot.
Marshall: Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Marshall: Hey... Why don't you tell us again about your first time at the camp in the Catskills.
Marshall: What our 21st president, Chester A. Arthur, is trying to say is that in every breakup there are winners and losers.
Marshall: That's my wife.
Marshall: Girl?
Marshall: There was no lull. You just think he's incredibly hot.
Marshall: Well, you did.
Marshall: Lily, Ted is our best friend, so let's get something straight: Male Gayle is not hot. He's not our friend. Don't even look at him. Just... no eye contact.
Marshall: Weird? Why would it be weird? Because you used to date our best friend or because my wife thinks your new boyfriend is incredibly hot?
Marshall: Hmm.
Marshall: Gael, are you properly licensed massage therapist?
Marshall: Are you legally certified by some type of gouverning entity?
Marshall: Is the card laminated?
Marshall: Covered in protective plastic.
Marshall: Damn it! (To Lily) He checks out...
Marshall: Massage therapist. And you know what, "Gayle"? Your piece of chicken looks a little tense to me. Oh, oh, does that feel good, Mr. Chicken? Well, guess what? I didn't wash my hands. Got him.
Marshall: Lily?!
Marshall: Lily, we are Ted's best friends. Our job is to hate that guy.
Marshall: Weren't you wearing a bra?
Marshall: Hey, buddy, how was your night?
Marshall: Oh my God!
Marshall: Nothing. This J. Crew catalog. Who brings two golden retrievers in a canoe?
Marshall: Way ahead of you.
Marshall: Hum. Ted? Could you grab me the fondue pot?
Marshall: (To Barney) He has no idea. (Barney falls backward) And up we go.
Marshall: Thank you.
Marshall: Maybe you should try club soda.
Marshall: Last night got weird.
Marshall: Think I just got over being chunky in the ninth grade.
Marshall: I am beautiful.
Marshall: We're sorry, Ted. It'll never happen again.
Marshall: Ted.
Marshall: Hey, man. It's Marshall. Check your e-mail. Sent you something.
Marshall: Just a new website. Slapcountdown.com.
Marshall: Sloppy Joe, shrimp cocktail and a milk shake.
Marshall: But, baby, you love biting your nails.
Marshall: What the hell is wrong with you?
Marshall: Works for baboons. It's called "presenting."
Marshall: It's actually a great book. It taught me the power of complete memory.
Marshall: I left it somewhere... I forget.
Marshall: My wife's always getting on me about my dry elbows. So good to be in a relationship. Anyone special in your life? Or maybe just someone you're interested in? Interes-ted in?
Marshall: Irregular? Oh, my God. This is it. It's all over.
Marshall: Can you stop talking about your other patients?! I'm dying here, woman!
Marshall: Okay. Hey, what was it you were saying before about the guy with the butterfly tattoo?
Marshall: Oh. Okay. Thank you.
Marshall: Yes.
Marshall: Sorry, dude. Have a shrimp.
Marshall: So you do really? You really gonna go to work at 2am.
Marshall: Who is a fan of a program broadcast at 4am?
Marshall: You know, as usual.
Marshall: First, nothing is funnier than that. Then it's not such a good story.
Marshall: Dude, the gold medal of the andouille de Vire.
Marshall: I want to eat your brain, but only if it is organic and free range.
Marshall: It's... a TV.
Marshall: This makeup has one month to go. I met with parents of Lily. I have never looked so stupid.
Marshall: Get off me!
Marshall: Okay.
Marshall: This morning I was in the gymnasium of the box to play basketball. The guys from work can be quite violent with their taunts.
Marshall: I think that the knees are made to bend like that. He may have torn his cruciate ligament.
Marshall: I can be a bit watered down dialogue, whatever...
Marshall: I searched my bag to get my stuff working...
Marshall: Okay. Say it.
Marshall: I forgot...
Marshall: It is not the worst, no. That would be the fourth worst.1: Super volcano. 2: An asteroid falls to Earth. 3: Any record of Evel Knievel is lost. 4: Ted called Karen. 5: Lily is eaten by a shark.
Marshall: After that, they broke. Ted was totally depressed, and we waited the necessary time to tell him what we thought of it.
Marshall: Bye bye, the slut!
Marshall: How was it?
Marshall: I regret it at all.
Marshall: Go back in your little head it.
Marshall: Why do you want to lunch with an ex?
Marshall: As my lunch with Nicole Barsamian.
Marshall: My ex.
Marshall: Hi, Nicole.
Marshall: You look pretty.
Marshall: Already? Who?
Marshall: You must cancel the luncheon.
Marshall: You must embrace strangely.
Marshall: You can not change the subject like that.
Marshall: It was nothing! I had a small problem, so I called Lily.
Marshall: I forgot my pants.
Marshall: I forgot. You have a bringest me.
Marshall: Last Thursday, the mustard? You have a goldfish memory.
Marshall: You did what?
Marshall: In his defense, I had just the muscle.
Marshall: It's a foregone conclusion. Ted is Charlie Brown trying to shoot and Karen, it's Lucy who takes away the ball at the last second and sleeping with. You have understood me.Ted falls in love, and Karen is going wrong with a playboy, who says... "Sorry, dude."
Marshall: Damn! Stop changing the subject. You have gone too far. You are complicit in breaking the heart of this poor guy.And you, you are best placed to know how it feels.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Okay! Lily came to the office to bring me my pants...
Marshall: Because I forgot.
Marshall: As you can see on page 44 of the contract...
Marshall: You can look at page 44 of the contract?
Marshall: What has happened to Karen?
Marshall: It shows my calves.
Marshall: Yeah Robin, I mean my God... not only is it a bad habit but... Do I have one?
Marshall: But just one. This is the first and the last cigarette of my life.
Marshall: Okay, I'm done, I Quit!
Marshall:... last cigarette... my life.
Marshall: last cigarette of my life.
Marshall: I'm worried about work, ok? They just hired a new chief legal department... and it will turn people.
Marshall: I quit!
Marshall: Worse!
Marshall: I have Marshall Eriksen. We had a pretty intense argument. As I've suggested that you take your head and you put yourself in the..., inside you. At a place that could reduce its exposure to the sun.
Marshall: Marshall Eriksen.
Marshall: It turned 'What is his head? "Ted! And "What's his head? "Was priceless.
Marshall: Look, it's just two cigarettes. Ok, I can collect 2. As it is not 3 within 24hrs I replongerai yet.
Marshall: Lily did not discover. I have a system.
Marshall: Well, Lil '!
Marshall: Damn!
Marshall: No, no thank you!
Marshall: You know what? I'll take one.
Marshall: Marshall I am aware. It was Marshall, Marshall Eriksen.
Marshall: Hey!
Marshall: Yes, I smoked! And it was my third day. You know what that means? I'm a smoker now. Everything is ruined. I bought a packet coming back, and a lighter... and a Viking lamp that has nothing to do, but I saw in the window and I liked it.
Marshall: It was to create a link with my boss, you should have seen me up there.
Marshall: It's a beautiful dog. And it is your children?
Marshall: It's black, or silver.
Marshall: A lot of people... Bedrin the insomniac, who portrays Blongs front of department stores. People to the emergency room where the TV is in a cage, and you can not change channels.
Marshall: Marco?
Marshall: It's alright, darling?
Marshall: Yes, right away, and me is Marshall.
Marshall: I would never have started. I finally revisit in 13 years, if I could go back. (Young Marshall went camping with a buddy and they smoke. Older Marshall arrives and pat the hand of young Marshall to drop the cigarette. It gives him a punch in the stomach) I hate that little b*st*rd.
Marshall: Yes, we stop.
Marshall: Actually, we all decided to stop.
Marshall: Lily God, no.
Marshall: Sure.
Marshall: Just one.
Marshall: Really, it's hard enough like that?
Marshall: What, you're a dinosaur?
Marshall: Oh Ted, I'm sorry, maybe I should move closer to your ass!
Marshall: Robin, do not smoke this cigarette.
Marshall: They look at you all, we are all impressed and if you smoke this cigarette, we shall return it to us too.
Marshall: She did!
Marshall: Robin Good show.
Marshall: The last three.
Marshall: Sorry to have hit my friend. I want to redeem myself by giving you this.
Marshall: Well one day you will marry her.
Marshall: Yes, lucky.
Marshall: Oh no, no do not do that. Have fun for me.
Marshall: So he's the guy who... How shall I say this like a gentleman? Robin, did he take your maple leaf?
Marshall: Wait, wait, wait. Did he...? I think I'm out.
Marshall: Yeah, why would he want to get back together with Louise Marsh?
Marshall: And now he's coming here? Robin, why do you want to see this guy?
Marshall: Point Simon.
Marshall: Ah. Point Robin. That's five-zip. There's no coming back from that.
Marshall: The thing is, we gave you so many opportunities.
Marshall: It's just... It was so hard to watch, Robin. You're usually so cool.
Marshall: It's called "revertigo."
Marshall: You know who gets really bad revertigo? (whispers) Lily when she around her high school friend, Michelle.
Marshall: Oh, my friend, you are in for a treat. Hey, Lil?
Marshall: You know, I was just thinking, we haven't seen your friend Michelle in a while.
Marshall: Better.
Marshall: Comparable.
Marshall: I think you're gonna enjoy this.
Marshall: Robin, your revertigo is really starting to affect your work.
Marshall: No. It's a phenomenon where, when you're around people from your past, you start behaving like them.
Marshall: You do?
Marshall: Robin, the point is, what are you doing? I mean, this guy?
Marshall: Now, now. We were once young and in love, too.
Marshall: Not now, Ted!
Marshall: Revertigo?
Marshall: But on this one, he may have a point. I mean, look... the idea of renegotiating the terms of the relationship, that's valid.
Marshall: So we're just here to ensure he doesn't sign anything he'll regret.
Marshall: Okay, you know what?
Marshall: I think it'll work.
Marshall: Moving is very moving.
Marshall: As you will not get bail, I thought you could pay me half.
Marshall: Because you've treated this apart as John Bonham treated his nervous system.
Marshall: Proof A.
Marshall: What is it?
Marshall: Encyclopedia?
Marshall: You know, it'll have you "dia-pays" for it.
Marshall: But you've ever done. Second, the evidence B.
Marshall: You're also responsible for damage to Robin when she was your girlfriend.
Marshall: Do you remember the time you got drunk the pack of beer and you've become Super Canadian?
Marshall: $ 20 if you manage to run it through the door.
Marshall: For America.
Marshall: It's true. We live.
Marshall: Two wonderful weeks... and oh yes, I will continue to wear it.
Marshall: I control. I can remove it whenever I want.
Marshall: And?
Marshall: No Stella.
Marshall: I just said "No Stella." It was perhaps for your hearing problems.
Marshall: It's getting serious. You see?
Marshall: We want him. We are all really happy for you.
Marshall: Even you, you will meet more girls in 22 years when you get 80.
Marshall: What challenge?
Marshall: I did not challenge. I would love to see it, but I've not challenged.
Marshall: Water has flowed under the bridge...
Marshall: "Dear Ted, Stella seems to be wonderful. But you do not know enough to get married. You do not know probably not enough to get involved in raising a child with her. You do not restore her service or her child or yourself by throwing yourself like that. Just take a little longer. " It was there for months, OK?That was before we know Stella and that way as she's great and what you train super torque. That's why we decided to not make this statement.
Marshall: And we're here.
Marshall: You know what? This may be because... when it's good, you know.
Marshall: Of course it does. My sensors indicate that your shortbread levels are dangerously low.
Marshall: I'm on it. Hey, man?
Marshall: Come here a minute.
Marshall: Know that this is quite normal. The major change can be frightening, and fear... it is one of them. So... why not you give me the knife? Give it to me. Go. That way I can unpack too. I will stay with you forever! We had a nice life here.That's why we rejected the package. Because unconsciously, we all know that it would be stupid to leave. It's safe and warm here. There is a downstairs bar, a robot cookie in the kitchen.This is my house and I never leave!
Marshall: I can not believe my father had read this letter at our wedding.
Marshall: Everybody says it's good to change, right? But it's what's good?
Marshall: Barney, it was not a gamble. Person...
Marshall: Okay, it matters not.
Marshall: Not at all.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: That's enough, the trick of "old."
Marshall: Bro, I told you, if you ever need a wingman, I'm your guy.
Marshall: And I'm Marshall, Barney's wingman.
Marshall: Back already. How was flying solo? And by "solo," I mean so low that you got shot down.
Marshall: This is awesome... You're designing our new headquarters. Now, there will be voices that tell you a hockey rink on the roof is unfeasible. You've got to shut those voices out.
Marshall: Dude, none taken. Yes, GNB is, the Empire from Star Wars. But the Death Star's gonna get built either way. And don't you think the architect of the Death Star is pretty psyched to have that thing on his space resume? I mean, yes, his design was flawed in the sense that a single bullet fired into a particular vent would explode the whole thing.
Marshall: But that won't happen on your watch... you know why? Because you're Ted Mosby! And you are gonna design the most beautiful, ventless, Rebel-proof building in Manhattan, with clearly marked emergency stops for every trash compactor on the detention level.
Marshall: No, I'm fine.
Marshall: Wait, you turned down the job? When?
Marshall: That's so weird. Just, like, an hour ago, when we were leaving work...
Marshall: So, you still think Ted's gonna take the job?
Marshall: Exactly. I mean, it's almost like he's putting the moves on you.
Marshall: I hope that's his end game. Actually, I don't. I like you two together.
Marshall: Okay, well, think about it. We've seen his moves countless times. What does he do after he's done ignoring a girl?
Marshall: The backhanded compliment to lower her self-esteem... a proven winner.
Marshall: No! Barney's been "putting the moves" on Ted.
Marshall: No, he's been doing it to try to get Ted to design the new GNB Tower.
Marshall: Okay. No problem. If you can find a number that I don't need or shouldn't have in here, be my guest, but good luck. I keep my phone tight.
Marshall: Oh, no, not that one. That's the booker for the club that my band plays at. You know, my all-lawyer funk band... you remember... The Funk, the Whole Funk and Nothing but the Funk.
Marshall: No, no, we're gonna... we're gonna play another gig again. Probably really soon. It's just we all got super busy, and... We're not going to play another gig again, are we?
Marshall: Well, it's just that without that number in my phone, I'm just a corporate lawyer working 60 very un-funky hours a week.
Marshall: It's not a move, dude. I executed the paperwork for the new architect this morning. Barney wasn't lying.
Marshall: It's not a move, dude. The senior partners were getting impatient. I thought you didn't even want the job.
Marshall: Okay, it's a move.
Marshall: There is no other architect. I'm sorry, I'm sorry I lied. I was being Barney's wingman, and I never get to be the wingman.
Marshall: I can do better. Take me back. You son of a bitch!
Marshall: No... Ted... you want to do this, okay? You're just scared of getting hurt again. But you can't let fear steal your funk. That is good. There is a song in there. Excuse me.
Marshall: I think that's just called a dog.
Marshall: This is obvious.
Marshall: Nothing, it's just, you know, you have love handles.
Marshall: It's nothing. Once you're with someone, it is natural to let some go. Trust me. It's been there.
Marshall: You'd think after 22 celebrations, students would no longer surprises.
Marshall: I read six of the words you just said about this jacket.
Marshall: So what? They are happy.
Marshall: So you're what?
Marshall: What...? I thought I had seen in one take.
Marshall: My favorite cop show.
Marshall: We are two dominant sets.
Marshall: If they are not happy, why not break?
Marshall: I think the first who plays Barney deflates.
Marshall: It's true... I had a friend astronaut, totally in love with his fiancee. On the eve of her mission, she surprised him with four other girls and two guys. It has become intense. She ended up sneaking into the space shuttle...
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: She's right.
Marshall: I'll get to the point, and ask you a question. Are you happy with Robin?
Marshall: So you're happy?
Marshall: So you're happy?
Marshall: We must break them. You're right. Barney and Robin are unhappy together but they are too stubborn to admit it. We must make the break.
Marshall: We will release... the Kraken.
Marshall: But you're the best.
Marshall: Please. You've got to break. This relationship is killing them.
Marshall: How?
Marshall: That sucks. Why not let Barney be tempted by a sexy girl? (Barney wipes his hands on his shirt) Okay, going to the ring.
Marshall: A surveillance van.
Marshall: It should take one. We have ordered pizza, watched through binoculars and said, "That's not why I signed," or stuff like that.
Marshall: What next?
Marshall: Oh yes. Robin was known when she sang.
Marshall: It takes a surveillance van!
Marshall: A Break? Really? You have rented a station wagon?
Marshall: A Break?
Marshall: Very bad robot voice.
Marshall: Barney Five... order something.
Marshall: It continues. The server supports a second sheet.
Marshall: Thank you!
Marshall: Stop and think only of money.
Marshall: Thank you!
Marshall: It was the Death Star. They did not sign in the wind.
Marshall: You're sure they've seen us?
Marshall: Forget it is located. If you try something, they'll know it's us. We should all go...
Marshall: It was a bad spot.
Marshall: So, how is Barney?
Marshall: She is.
Marshall: And everywhere... the kitchen, the bathroom, the living room, outside in your wait... the kitchen.
Marshall: Dr. John Stangel? I don't know, baby, do we really need a specialist?
Marshall: I'm not playing laser tag.
Marshall: Damn it.
Marshall: Lily, I've been with Barney since 9:00 a.m. Between the sexual harassment seminar all morning and the secretary beauty pageant all afternoon, he hasn't left my sight.
Marshall: Yes, I know, we made our little deal with the universe, but...
Marshall: There's no way it's Barney.
Marshall: It's Barney. Wow. Really, dude, bravo. You almost got a peek. But seriously, what second-rate community theater did you get...?
Marshall: So my wife and I are trying to get pregnant.
Marshall: No, but, baby, I yanked on his beard.
Marshall: No, Barney... Doctor, wait, please, it's... Can you just give us a couple minutes? I... Lily, how can I convince you that this is not Barney?
Marshall: Baby, you just saw Barney.
Marshall: Oh, yeah... Bjorney.
Marshall: Hey, babe.
Marshall: Yeah, uh, we got a game of "Go Fish" going on the phone. P.S., Pops, go fish. Who's the second message from?
Marshall: You're extremely fertile! Oh, my God. I told you there was nothing to worry about. I got to call my dad and tell him the good news. If you're fertile, um, then that means I'm the problem.
Marshall: Well, I was just putting on a brave face. Okay, think about it: we've had unprotected s*x 203 times in the past four months. Obviously I'm the problem.
Marshall: Oh, it's my dad.
Marshall: No, no, you know what? Um, I'm gonna get my stuff checked out first. I'll call my dad after Dr. Stangel gives me the thumbs up.
Marshall: I only like to call my dad with good news. I mean, telling him good news is what makes it feel real to me.
Marshall: I'm getting married!
Marshall: I passed the bar!
Marshall: I found an amazing Viking lamp that fits right on the coffee table, as long as we don't mind stepping over the cord.
Marshall: Right?! I found someone who can fix the Viking lamp!
Marshall: But the news that I might not be able to give him a grandchild? You know, like, I don't even know how to have that conversation.
Marshall: Barney, I've already told...
Marshall: I am freaking out. Is there a chance that I can't have kids? I've been hit in the nuts a lot.
Marshall: I can't do it, Doc. Is there, like, another option? Could I... Could I take this home?
Marshall: Only way I know how, Doc. Only way I know how.
Marshall: Mom. Dad. Uh... What are you doing here?
Marshall: Go fish. Excuse me. Hey, Lily, can I just talk to you in here for a minute?
Marshall: Yeah, I'm very excited that they're here, too. But right now, I have to get excited about something else.
Marshall: Thank you, baby. You're the best.
Marshall: This isn't working.
Marshall: I'm... I'm going to... I'm... I'm going to...
Marshall: Lily!
Marshall: And so, now, I'm just scared that we won't be able to give you a grandchild.
Marshall: Aw, yeah. Maybe adoption.
Marshall: Wait, you knew?
Marshall: Oh, God.
Marshall: It's just...
Marshall: Damn it, Barney! What are you doing in here?
Marshall: And?
Marshall: My sperm is fine!
Marshall: Hey, um, can I borrow your phone? I want to call my dad.
Marshall: Man, this is great. I was expecting bad news. I really was.
Marshall: You're here! Oh, my God! I love you so much! Can you believe it?
Marshall: My dad's dead? I'm not ready for this.
Marshall: Hi.
Marshall: My God. You and the guy the mayor's office did it to the UN under the office of Ambassador of Zaire? Cool.
Marshall: You always mycoses?
Marshall: Which one?
Marshall: Sweden, this is not France. You know that?
Marshall: Ted will come to call.
Marshall: Sorry, I gotta go.
Marshall: It's great. Drinking at work.
Marshall: Yes! There is too much "Mad Men"!
Marshall: That's exactly what they would do in this series.
Marshall: I do not do that.
Marshall: Listen to this. Lily sent me a text message. It was at this bar, The Giddy Ups with full of Woos.
Marshall: You want to go to the current GNB building and just... I dunno, just a little pee on it?
Marshall: Bilson? I just wanna say, I know that you chose Sven, but... Ted Mosby is extremely talented, and... he would have made a hell of a job.
Marshall: Teleconference. Now.
Marshall: You wanna tell me something?
Marshall: Bilson told me he wanted to give the job to Ted.What has happened?
Marshall: What is your problem? This is the big break of Ted!You have betrayed to work in the brain of a Tyrannosaurus, which, incidentally, if you knew the dinosaurs is very, very small.
Marshall: You have not chosen one of Sven because he was better. You wanted an office dinosaur.
Marshall: "Fire Marshall".
Marshall: How could you do that to Ted after all that happened with Stella? You are an egoist.
Marshall: No. For two reasons. A, pigeons are smarter than you think. They are resentful. And two, it's our last conference call, Mr. Stinson. There are repercussions to ride a friend.
Marshall: Because, that.
Marshall: You have tested those purple shots in test tubes? I took five. I believe that there is no alcohol in it.
Marshall: What hat?
Marshall: It was Bilson. Bilson wanted to have a head office in the dinosaur, Barney convinced him that it was really, really stupid.
Marshall: You did the right thing. You got a well deserved boost. And then it would have disappointed Ted, and it is finally... very happy for the moment.
Marshall: Damn! I got these tickets like months ago for me and Lily and now I can't find anyone to go with me. This is what I miss about being in a couple. I always had someone to go to concerts with, or farmer's market, or brunch. God, I miss brunch!
Marshall: Oh, you don't think I've tried?
Marshall: Table for one.
Marshall: Um, no, just me.
Marshall: You're right. Who am I kidding?
Marshall: Can I go with you guys?
Marshall: God, I hate being single!
Marshall: The Alanis Morissette concert.
Marshall: No,actually I went with a friend from law school.
Marshall: Brad.
Marshall: Totally! I can't believe I almost didn't come tonight.
Marshall: Yeah, how'd you know?
Marshall: What? Kara broke up with you? I'm sorry,man. That sucks. Brad,do you like brunch?
Marshall: Yeah, I invited him to brunch. Why? Is that weird?
Marshall: Why can't two guys who are friends go to brunch?
Marshall: Girly? Breakfast isn't girly. Lunch isn't girly. What makes brunch girly?
Marshall: I don't care what either of you say, I am going to the Popover Pantry with Brad. We're here. We're hungry. Get used to it, brunch.
Marshall: God, I love brunch.
Marshall: This isn't weird, right?
Marshall: Right? Right?
Marshall: Exactly. Thank you, that's exactly what I've been saying.
Marshall: What are you talking about?
Marshall: Yeah!
Marshall: Mamma mia!. You know what? It's supposed to be a great musical, okay? It won all sorts of Tonies and stuff.
Marshall: It is not a date,okay. It's just two bros taking in a Broadway show.
Marshall: We might grab a steak, yeah.
Marshall: Café l'amour. (Ted and Robin laugh) Brad says the food is really good there, okay?
Marshall: All right, you know what? You two are just threatened because I'm a single guy moving in on your couples' stuff. Well, guess what? It's my territory now. I'm peeing all over brunches, fancy dinners and musicals. That's right. Brad and I are taking back Broadway.
Marshall: I was thinking like this collared shirt and these pin... (Ted and Robin laugh) Oh, you know what? Shut up.
Marshall: Ha,ha,ha,ha. It wasn't a date. Okay, it was a date and it got way weird.
Marshall: Oh, you really don't have to do that.
Marshall: Thanks, Brad.
Marshall: It gets worse.
Marshall: No, I can do it, Brad. Okay,thank you.
Marshall: You want me to go to a wedding with you?
Marshall: It gets worse.
Marshall: Vermont?
Marshall: Of course.
Marshall: I'll go to Vermont with you.
Marshall: Damn you,brunch! This guy's crazy, right?
Marshall: You're right. You're right. I promised brad I would go to the wedding with him,and then that is it.
Marshall: No. No... No. No! No! (On the phone) Ted. Um, Brad got me flowers.
Marshall: No, Brad, uh, I don't want to hear it. I do like you. And calla lilies are my favorite flower. I don't know how you knew that. I guess you just get me, but this is not cool, man. I can't believe that you would...
Marshall: Hi, Kara. So you guys,are like back together now?
Marshall: Yeah, you should have.
Marshall: Don't, Brad. Just don't. (He leaves)
Marshall: Oh my God, it's Brad. Laugh like I said something really funny. (Ted laughs)
Marshall: Right? Right?
Marshall: Oh, hey, hey, how's it going?
Marshall: Yeah, me too, but more important.
Marshall: Sure. Sure. (Brad leaves) Even if you don't believe it, tell me he looks fat.
Marshall: Ted, I'm champion of skee-ball, since law school. I have come here at least once a month to keep my record.
Marshall: Yes, yes.
Marshall: The biggest. In fact, I must tell you something. I invited Jenkins.
Marshall: You will not believe what Jenkins has done this time.
Marshall: Hilarious! There was a jar of cherries in the fridge, then Jenkins said: $ 200 and I eat the whole pot. So we gave him $ 200, and he ate the whole jar!
Marshall: The CFO comes to sign papers, then Jenkins said: Excuse me Mr Wilkocs, I think we forgot one of the documents.We all went to a bar after work, Jenkins goes on the table and begins to gesticulate like a stripper, and a second later, he removes his shirt. It was so disgusting.
Marshall: Ted Jenkins here.
Marshall: What!? Where did you get it?
Marshall: Yes, even more impressive now, right?
Marshall: Ok, I confess! It all started a few weeks.
Marshall: I do not steal. And I do not wear glasses. Marshall.
Marshall: Why? It's a trap, you're a fan of the Packers? My wife knows I'm here. She has no money, however it has very special skills.
Marshall: Pelican Rapids? My grandfather lives there. Finally he's dead now, but it haunts a bar on a road.
Marshall: First, you can not control the Grand caramel. Secondly, I see it as a big brother, who has breasts. My older brother had also, in short.
Marshall: That night, I spoke to Lily.
Marshall: I should correct, it would have been so simple.
Marshall: But I have not done. So now, whenever I talk about Jenkins, I avoid pronouns.
Marshall: So the manager comes to marketing staff to choose Midwest. So he, he, he, she, him, him, Jenkins, him, her.
Marshall: Ted, think of the stories I've told.
Marshall: Exactly, that's why Lily can know nothing.
Marshall: Hello?
Marshall: What, why?
Marshall: I have a problem, it was my wife. The first time I spoke to you, she thought you were a man, so...
Marshall: Absolutely.
Marshall: It is Jenkins.
Marshall: Wait, you're not jealous at all?
Marshall: Because we love to madness, right?
Marshall: It was not jealous at all.
Marshall: What is this supposed to mean?
Marshall: I am not diminished for Lily. Yes, it is a bit small, and my mother says she has no hips to carry a baby Eriksen. My God, you think I'm weak.
Marshall: No, ok, I'm glad Lily, but Lily is as lucky as me. None of us is low.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Interesting article in the newspaper. They say that in every relationship there is a weak and strong.
Marshall: It's not that one, it's in another, I've read before. The newspaper reminded me of the old. In short, what do you think?
Marshall: But not for us?
Marshall: Sure. Imagine, you have a gun to his head, you have to say that one of us is low.
Marshall: Now, the gun is pointed at me, and our future children, and our future little monkeys. Depends on who wins the game is played for 3 years.
Marshall: So this...
Marshall: Our two children, our 8 grandchildren, 11 great grandchildren our, our plane piloted by Oprah, and it is poised to spits at an art museum that contains all your favorite pictures, and the only way save everything, and answered: Art thou the weak or strong?
Marshall: Everything you need to decide now.
Marshall: How can you say such a thing!
Marshall: She thinks she is strong. That's right, I have to prove that I am not the weak. I will make her jealous.
Marshall: Yes, an ordinary night for the "Big caramel."
Marshall: Do you think she was flirting with me?
Marshall: Sure, I have an opening. If Madame Lily is jealous, young Marshall can not move, then by chance, the "Big caramel"... may move, ok let me try again.
Marshall: Hey Jenkins!
Marshall: So, Lily and I go back to university bar. And you wonder if maybe you would come... You could watch me play skee-ball... do exactly what you did the other night, something like that. It's really up to you, I mean...
Marshall: Baby! That is, it's a name I do not deserve.
Marshall: You're sure it's not a fever?
Marshall: I did not invent it! It happened, this woman kissed me.With language, his tongue was in my mouth.
Marshall: It was silky... and hard as a branch of starfish
Marshall: It happened! Have you... meatballs?
Marshall: It's nothing.
Marshall: It was not me!
Marshall: You were drunk at 8am?
Marshall: Happy to have you helped you remember.
Marshall: It's nothing!
Marshall: No, who am I to say? Lily? I said to Lily.
Marshall: No, no!
Marshall: No, I... Yes! Yes! Do it!
Marshall: And if you got no time for all this, just tell him that it happened and that you're sorry. And if you're really in a hurry did not tell him you're sorry. Just as it happened, what is most important. It really happened. Thus abbreviated it as much as you can.
Marshall: Well, it happened! What will we do? It happened!Terrible, like you said. It happened!
Marshall: Lil '? It's good!
Marshall: Look at this.
Marshall: Yeah, it's true.
Marshall: Barney, do not do that. Not with Jesus.
Marshall: A meal that I Generro back to Lily.
Marshall: We wanted to call the chopper too early, but then he... sent text messages.
Marshall: Poor, little Ted. It should... He should say it estnous.
Marshall: It's better. It was funny. He should say that it is us.
Marshall: It's better.
Marshall: He bluntly put! It was great! But it's time to tell him that he wears.
Marshall: It's better.
Marshall: I believe that wearing anything underneath.
Marshall: There, he wears only cowboy boots! Here we go!
Marshall: I think we'll... have s*x with Ted.
Marshall: No, actually it was for his good. It protects it from itself. He really likes this girl. He had that look.
Marshall: The same he had with you the first time.
Marshall: It's been that Ted did not like someone. He stored much... We thought him to say "I love you" when he contacted her.
Marshall: First: he jokes with the marriage.
Marshall: Deuzio: it's far too early suggestions crazy travel.
Marshall: Third: it says too early personal things.
Marshall: Yeah, but that's the problem. Ted did not say "I love you" as easily as we thought.
Marshall: So, he explained everything and once finished, there was something fascinating.
Marshall: He eats here every day.
Marshall: Far from it.
Marshall: It's... really nice.
Marshall: You want me to send it to Ted. I knew it.
Marshall: I do not know... what comes to the bread here, but it touches me... here... and here.
Marshall: It is perhaps not in love with us.
Marshall: I do not understand men.
Marshall: Do... you come back?
Marshall: He replied! "I probably should not tell you, finally, we barely knew, but never mind, I say it anyway. "
Marshall: I would like Stan to be there.
Marshall: "I sometimes have dreams about my gay best friend."
Marshall: Ted Why send text messages to a girl he barely knows, where he says he dreams about me gay?
Marshall: Dude, I'm his best friend.
Marshall: That's the trick. I hug you, no. Who would not want to cuddle in this case, on Sunday morning? Wrapped in the quilt while it is raining, and there are muffins in the oven. I'm cuddly, bitch. You must do.
Marshall: Ted and I, we lived. I know what he likes. There are things I can do it... he époustoufleraient Why do they sleep with Ted?
Marshall: And by "me", he means Marshall Eriksen, star of Ted's gay dreams.
Marshall: Look at this guy. How is my best friend for 12 years?
Marshall: Your feelings are quite natural.
Marshall: That's it?
Marshall: OK, what do you say that. You know that someday in the future, machines will rebel?
Marshall: So, the machines... killed everyone. And there are only you, me, and Barney. Who among us would you... you?
Marshall: Sorry. It was just trying to help you.
Marshall: Great! We can have fun!
Marshall: Wait. You can not just sit there and have your date with us?
Marshall: Okay, I have one last paper due at 5:00 p.m. today, so until then, I will be at the law library at school, but I'm not to be disturbed for any reason.
Marshall: No, no. Christmas Eve winter wonderland is my reward for finishing my paper. Baby, do I smell your Sinfully Cinnamon Cookies?
Marshall: Damn me and my heightened other senses. Must be strong. Okay, I'll be back here at 5:00. Save me at least 20 cookies and do not clean the bowl. Was that a reindeer? I don't want to know!
Marshall: She was perfect. I lost the perfect woman. I should have knocked her up when I had the chance.
Marshall: There's only one of her?
Marshall: Fiercely independent? Brave? I guess it was a little selfish.
Marshall: Yeah. No, you're right. Lily would laugh at anything.
Marshall: Yeah, and if she's such a great "artist," why does she suck at Pictionary? Who draws a ninja star like a Star of David? Right, right?
Marshall: Another round!
Marshall: Screw the paper, how's the winter wonderland? Is it magical?
Marshall: When you walk through the door, does it feel like you've been slapped in the face by Christmas?
Marshall: Come on, man, describe it! Tell me about the decorations. Is Rudolph there? He is, isn't he? Hi, Rudolph!
Marshall: Hell, yeah! What else would it be about?
Marshall: Yeah, well, all I know is walking in that door and seeing the winter wonderland and seeing Lily and all you guys, just... I can't wait.
Marshall: Right. Okay.Oh, wait. Ted, Ted, Ted, Ted. One more thing. How about the cookies? Are they delicious?
Marshall: Well, tell Lily I love her.
Marshall: Holy crap, the magical Christmas season is upon us. And thank God we don't pay for utilities.
Marshall: Only the best present for the best girl ever. It took me all day to track it down.
Marshall: Ah, naw, I blew that off. I'll get an extension. School's not important. What is that pitter patter on the roof? Could it be the sound of an awesome Christmas story about to come down the chimney? Why, yes, it is. 'Twas the day before Christmas...
Marshall: It was supposed to arrive, like, five days ago, but then it got lost and rerouted. I checked two other branches, finally they told me it was here.
Marshall: What?No, no, no, no,I need that package today.
Marshall: Stop! Stop! Stop, please, stop. Stop. Stop the truck. I need a package on your truck. Can I please take a look in back?
Marshall: I'm okay. (out of the truck) Hey, man, thanks for helping me make my fiancee's Christmas.
Marshall: Wait, so some people aren't going to get their gifts in time for Christmas?
Marshall: We delivered every single package on that truck. But I still have one package left to give. Yeah, I did. Merry Christmas. Open it, Baby.
Marshall: It's our first Christmas since we got back together. I want to get her something really special. So I'm getting her a jukebox.
Marshall: Not really. It's this big and it dispenses gum.
Marshall: I couldn't find the outside.
Marshall: Yeah, and after all that weed. Where is he anyway?
Marshall: Why?
Marshall: Merry Christmas, Marshall.
Marshall: Yes, it does! Everyone knows that. It's like general knowledge.
Marshall: Oh, man, I got a kernel stuck in my teeth.
Marshall: But after the first year,I get a major pay raise.
Marshall: I'm gonna go pay.
Marshall: Yeah, we do.
Marshall: Yeah, this is gonna be the best Slapsgiving ever.
Marshall: I said this is going to be the best Thanksgiving ever.
Marshall: Oh, hey, by the way, if anyone wants to come over early thursday, we can watch the Slapsgiving day parade.
Marshall: Said what?
Marshall: Oh, I guess I did. You know why? I've invented a new holiday: Slapsgiving. It's the one day we set aside each year to gather together and give slaps.
Marshall: Slapsgiving.
Marshall: Slapsgiving.
Marshall: And thursday at 3:01 p.m., your face is going to show my hand.
Marshall: Yeah, du he's in pretty good shape. He could probably kick your ass.
Marshall: For the millionth time, sleep-eating is a very serious and delicious medical condition.
Marshall: In a minute, baby. I've only got so many hands. You see what I got going on here? They're turkeys, but they're also hands, because later, we're going to eat turkey... and then i'm going to slap you in your face.
Marshall: What do you mean something weird happened last night?
Marshall: You're still getting slapped.
Marshall: That is a real slap in the face.
Marshall: Horrible idea.
Marshall: Oh, no! The slap-petizers.
Marshall: Don't stress, baby. I'll try to find us something relaxing.
Marshall: Oh, my! Look at that. That means we're in the final hour of the countdown.
Marshall: Then why is your right cheek twitching? It's not... maybe it's because future me slaps future you so hard, it reverberates back to the present, shattering the time-slap continuum.
Marshall: I'm sorry, what?
Marshall: I thought I ruined it by putting a clock on it, Barney?
Marshall: Well, no, no, no. you can't leave.
Marshall: But it's Slapsgiving.
Marshall: What?!
Marshall: Baby,please... -no!
Marshall: No, i just thought...before we eat, maybe the chef would like to say a few words.
Marshall: Well, then, I'd like to say something. If that's cool? Um... today, Lily did something great. Not only did she gather us all here together and cook a delicious meal, but she also started a new tradition. We're gonna do this again next year, and the year after that... maybe for the rest of our lives. I think that's pretty amazing if you think about it. And it's all thanks to you,Lily. I love you. So, to the first of many Thanksgivings together.
Marshall: That's three! Thanks, baby, you're the best. And as a special, added bonus, I've composed a song just for this occasion. Ted, lights! (Marshall starts playing the piano and singing) *What is this feelin' that's put you in your place a hot, red burnin' on the side of your face you feel the blood rush to your cheek. Tears start to fill your eyes and your lips are tremblin' but you can't speak,you're tryin', oh, you're tryin' not to cry! You just got sla-apped-oh, oh! Across the face, my friend-oh, oh, oh! You just got slapped. Yes, that really just happened. Everybody saw it and everybody laughed and clapped, it was awesome. Wait,you just got... slapped. Happy Slapsgiving, everybody.*
Marshall: Oh man, we're gonna be doing this all the time, now aren't we?
Marshall: One week per month spent together.
Marshall: It's been 12 minutes!
Marshall: No December '.
Marshall: It's going to take his gun and shoot him.
Marshall: My God!
Marshall: The business returns for Mr. Popol.
Marshall: I say ***** s!
Marshall: Sorry Robin, but cate with this type suggests that all that separates you from s*x, it's the clothes.
Marshall: So, why did you lie?
Marshall: Because he was naked. Sorry, but I disagree. There is only one reason to sleep with someone, and it is "love".Marshall is a big girl because he believes in love and read "And it was true" because the secretaries were forced to join the Oprah book club. But you know I'm right.
Marshall: Cite me one.
Marshall: You could not.
Marshall: I'm here.
Marshall: You have defiled the marital bed because you could not sleep?
Marshall: Okay! It makes one. But I dare you to...
Marshall: ***** S!
Marshall: No, Robin, it's just a bad cough. I'm not really a bad cough. We all know that the "roommate in college," it's you, ***** s! Nobody has a Strepsil?
Marshall: Thanks for ruining the memory of the anniversary of our six months.
Marshall: You can stop with this stupid list? You make me sad.
Marshall: The only oddity that I did was to open my heart and my soul when I had put me to hair when the room was empty.
Marshall: The good? Mitch? The guy naked?
Marshall: Reason 48: "To reinforce good behavior, such as shaving or dental hygiene." Now you conditioned me? Great!That's why I have an erection when I go floss.
Marshall: Congratulations, buddy.
Marshall: You just want to do to change the subject.
Marshall: As if I had just flossing.
Marshall: It's been 50.
Marshall: right on target.
Marshall: Okay, I'll treat you more ***** s.
Marshall: We should see what is Barney.
Marshall: Hi, Barney's there?
Marshall: Here she comes. Here she comes.
Marshall: I've never need the beer more than I do right now.
Marshall: Yeah, well, it was supposed to be, but my professor's like the toughest grader I've ever seen. She had like a bad divorce this summer and now she's taking it out on us. To tell you the truth, I think she just needs to get laid.
Marshall: You wouldn't be into her.She's, like, in her late 40s.
Marshall: Yeah, I guess she's kind of hot, yeah.
Marshall: I didn't challenge you to have s*x with...
Marshall: Classic.
Marshall: Dude, that is cold-blooded.
Marshall: Okay, wait, wait, wait. That's professor Lewis's office there.
Marshall: Wait, wait, wait.I'm not so sure I'm comfortable with you hunting my constitutional law professor.
Marshall: Go, Barney. Go mount and stuff that cougar.
Marshall: I'd ask you how last night went, but we had a pop quiz today. Nobody got higher than a c-minus.
Marshall: You claim to have so much s*x. I only assumed you'd be good at it.
Marshall: Just let it go, man. You're making things worse.
Marshall: Dude, you're killing me. You didn't tame the cougar. You just made her angrier.
Marshall: So you're going back over there?
Marshall: Professor Lewis, hi.
Marshall: Let her go. She belongs out there in the wild. You should feel proud. You fought the cougar and lived.
Marshall: It's crazy that Metro News One sends you this letter now.
Marshall: Leave covered?
Marshall: My God.
Marshall: It was Ted.
Marshall: It was Ted.
Marshall: You're the 3rd floor of the home student next to the playroom, dork.
Marshall: If you think people liked your show, it's wrong...
Marshall: No, guys... it does not work like that. Robin will have its license if it works in his field. You could stay if you got married to a U.S. citizen. Yes, it might work. No. The procedure to formalize it would take too much time. It will not work.
Marshall: No, no, I understand. Your origins are part of what you sell. Moreover, in 'Special jurisdiction' on my resume, I put that in Minnesota, I was dunk champion Nicollet County in 1995.
Marshall: Yes, why not? Many companies have a basketball team. They like that TonnerreVanille can still crash into the net.
Marshall: Yeah, TonnerreVanille. The ghost of snowshoes.The gate man. I was not very good in defense.
Marshall: Bine sure if. Finally, I could... until there is little.
Marshall: Go! Iliopsoas tendinitis. This is the name. This is the only name.
Marshall: iliopsoas tendinitis. It's a basketball injury. Finally, nothing incredible.
Marshall: OK, no. They call it like that because it is very common among ballet dancers.
Marshall: Sure.
Marshall: Well, go ahead, feel free to me.
Marshall: Thank you, Lily.
Marshall: You know you stand next to a horse. Impressive.
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: insensate-ule.
Marshall: Yes, absolutely. I have something to say.
Marshall: I dance more than you think.
Marshall: I dance... more than you think.
Marshall: I know. I think... I would say... average.
Marshall: I do that when I'm alone. When something good happens, and I'm excited and move, and I... I dunno, I want to talk about it.
Marshall: Super! Thank you, Herm.
Marshall: It's not funny. The doctor said if it gets worse, I should have surgery.
Marshall: You know who has not made a lot of vaginas in college?
Marshall: Dr. X.
Marshall: I know! Does July 4, 1995 does remind you of anything?
Marshall: Yes, but you can not!
Marshall: How dare you? These hips can...
Marshall: It's OK. Later.
Marshall: That one is good. And... end! What is the total?
Marshall: (At the same time) Oh my God! I can't believe it!
Marshall: (At the same time) Oh my God!
Marshall: Okay, I just found out...
Marshall: Okay, you know, cute coincidence, Barney. Whatever. I just got on the phone with the NR...
Marshall: Guys, guys, guys! Can I tell my news? It's pretty...
Marshall: Thanks. It's kind of weird hugging with p0rn on.
Marshall: Baby, I have some exciting news.
Marshall: I got the job at the NRDC.
Marshall: I'm not doing that interview. Those people are evil.
Marshall: It's a real job.
Marshall: Hmm. It's hard to tell. Go, go like this.
Marshall: Um, interesting. There I am in the office of Jefferson Coatsworth and I figure I'm not gonna take this job anyway, I might as well give this old b*st*rd a piece of mind. Jefferson Coastworth wasn't what I expected.
Marshall: Hello.
Marshall: Right, um, okay, Jeff, I've actually given this a lot of thought...
Marshall: What do you mean?
Marshall: He is not trying to seduce me. He didn't even offer me the job.
Marshall: I, you know, I don't know if...
Marshall: The most expensive beef in the world.
Marshall: Oh my God. He's trying to seduce me.
Marshall: No. No way. I promise myself to the NRDC. I'm not that kind of lawyer.
Marshall: You can really taste the beef in that lobster.
Marshall: Okay. Here we go. This is the big number that's supposed to impress me and... (He looks at the paper) whoa, that's a BIG number.
Marshall: Hey, I'm going to, uh, try to remain cool. But you know Patrick Swayze?!
Marshall: Okay, no. Jeff, this is all very impressive, but I just don't think that...
Marshall: Family money?
Marshall: No, hum, not that I know of. I do have an uncle who owns a, a pretty successful bait shop.
Marshall: Actually, I want to have four kids.
Marshall: Unless your dating life is the glue holding the entire universe together... Whoa. Chills. Anybody else get chills?
Marshall: Dude, he's right. How many times do you have to watch this crash and burn before you say, "enough"?
Marshall: Yeah. Dude, that was awesome, but how are you ever going to top that?
Marshall: Summer fellowship?
Marshall: Look at the bright side. At least you got some closure. She's made her choice and you can finally move on.
Marshall: Ted, you sat here in this very booth and you said...
Marshall: Unpause.
Marshall: A painting fellowship?
Marshall: In California?
Marshall: Forbid? Who said forbid? I was just reminding you that there's this wedding coming up in a couple of months, and I was kind of hoping you'd save the day. Look for me... I'll be the guy in the awesome suit. Come on, Lily. It's what you've always wanted.
Marshall: So now we've gone from "I was never gonna do it" to "I need to do this"? Did I leave the room at some point? When did that happen?
Marshall: I never said that! You know, if you're having these kind of doubts now, what's gonna change in three months? Maybe we just shouldn't get married at all.
Marshall: Pause.
Marshall: Totally. Red Lobster?
Marshall: Oh, God, I love butter sauce! There's nothing bad about it. Say something bad about butter sauce, I dare you.
Marshall: How did we get here? Couple of days ago, the biggest problem in my life was, did Ted eat the last pudding snack pack in the fridge.
Marshall: Dibs.
Marshall: Unpause.
Marshall: I want to, Lily, okay? I really do. But I just can't.
Marshall: Because you're scaring the hell out of me, that's why not. What if you decide to go be a painter and then you realize I don't fit in to your life anymore, and three months becomes forever? Can you promise me that that's not gonna happen?
Marshall: 'Cause if you can't promise me that, we shoul just break up right now. I'm not gonna wait around for three months just to have my heart ripped out.
Marshall: Can you promise me that that's not gonna happen?
Marshall: No, Lily, we cannot pause this anymore. Can you promise me that that's not gonna happen?!
Marshall: Why do you want me to pause?! (She throws herself on him et kisses him) That's just a great use of the pause function, baby.
Marshall: Oh my God.
Marshall: We saw something, up in the apartment.
Marshall: I don't know what it is, but margaritas make me sexy.
Marshall: Only the craziest, meanest looking mouse you've ever seen.
Marshall: Baby, it was a mouse. It had a whiskers.
Marshall: It, it was a mouse.
Marshall: No, it wasn't a cockroach. It had fur and only mammals have fur.
Marshall: Come on, Lily, the only way that that was a cockroach was if it was wearing the skin of a mouse it just killed.
Marshall: It's bigger now. It's been feeding.
Marshall: Ah gosh.
Marshall: Shh, shh, it's OK, it's over.
Marshall: But it has mouse-like characteristics. Grey-brown tufts of fur, a tail.
Marshall: And it has
Marshall: There was no time.
Marshall: And it's the size of a potato.
Marshall: Don't make it sound ridiculous. It's a cockamouse.
Marshall: And like the majestic seahorse it's hermaphroditic.
Marshall: For as much as we know about the cockamousse, there are still so much we don't know.
Marshall: So you really don't believe in the cockamouse?
Marshall: If by 'like the Loch Ness Monster,' you mean, totally exists and is awesome, then yeah, it's like the Loch Ness monster.
Marshall: It's diet is not unlike our own, grains, cereals and it's awfully fond of cheese...
Marshall: Yeah, look around. The universe is mysterious and awesome. You got the Bermuda triangle, ghosts, Big Foot.
Marshall: Aliens.
Marshall: Oh, come one, you gotta give me aliens. Stonehenge. Area 51. There's alien crap all over the place.
Marshall: My friend, you just poked the bear.
Marshall: On the night of July 2nd, 1947, conditions were clear over Roswell, New Mexico.
Marshall: Oh, hey, Ted, there's a message on the machine for you. Dr. O'Brien.
Marshall: When suddenly, an array of
Marshall: Oh my God!
Marshall: Calm down, I have a plan. I told my friend, Sudeep, about it. He wants to show it to the Columbia biology department. But it has to be alive.
Marshall: Brace yourself, dude. This is gonna blow your mind hold.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Wait, but if it's not here, that means...Lily.
Marshall: Lily thank God.
Marshall: Lily, I love you.
Marshall: Robin, open the window!
Marshall: Be free, mutant beast. I'll miss this private war of ours. I grew to admire your tenacious...Oh my God, it's headed this way.
Marshall: So that's it? We're breaking up?
Marshall: For a while? Try never, OK? You walk out that door and we're done. You're never gonna hear my voice again.
Marshall: I should call her.
Marshall: You're a good friend Ted.
Marshall: Well, she left. And I don't even know if she's coming back.
Marshall: Thanks.
Marshall: Sure.
Marshall: Hey Ted.
Marshall: What's the point? I could it some food, it's just gonna leave me.
Marshall: Lily always made the pancakes. God, I loved her pancakes. So soft. So warmed. So perfectly shaped.
Marshall: Beer.
Marshall: Fine. Than I'll just have the leftover
Marshall: So, I find her shampoo. I guess she left it here. It smells like her. Like lavender and seashells. Hope. Somehow erotic and comforting all at the same time.
Marshall: Oh. Sorry.
Marshall: Oh! OK, you're right. I won't call her. I will not call her.
Marshall: Well, I called her. And get this, she changed her number. Well like I'm gonna stalk her or something? Like she's so special?! Like she's the only Lily Aldrin out there? 'Cause there are four others in the San Francisco area alone, and they all seem a lot better than her, based on the brief conversations I had with them!
Marshall: Yeah. Hey Robin. Anyway, one of the Lily Adrins...
Marshall: Barney, I really don't think this is gonna help.
Marshall: There are a lot of them.
Marshall: I gotta admit, it is really nice to be outside.
Marshall: It's all a big lie! She's just gonna break your heart! (Men drag Marshall out of the stadium) You can drag me outta here, but she has no soul!
Marshall: Oh my God! How long have you been doing this?
Marshall: Um, you know, Ted is kinda against guns.Robin (turning to Marshall, her gun still in her hand): That's why Ted never gonna find out about this. Whoa! That sort of got scary with me holding a gun, didn't it? No, I just mean, please don't tell Ted. You wanna try?
Marshall: Only hell, yes. Oh yeah, yeah. This is what I needed. I felt so powerless this whole time but this... This is power, this is... (He shoots and falls down)
Marshall: Yeah sure. Absolutely. Dude, I'm doing much better. In fact, take my car.
Marshall: It's Lily's credit card bill. She must have forgotten to switch her address.
Marshall: I wonder what kind of charges she's making out there.
Marshall: I know, but I just...
Marshall: August 5, one charge - tickets. To what? George Clinton and the P-Funk All Stars. August 10, one charge, Tennis Emporium. August 18, two charges. Mario's bistro and - get this - Pet Palace. You guys see what it means right?
Marshall: Because, Robin, they are like fuzzy tube-shaped rats.
Marshall: There is a charge from earlier today. The Kellet Hotel, on Fifth. I don't believe this. Lily is back in New-York. (...) I can't believe this. Lily's in New-York? I guess I'd been thinking when she got back she's call me. That's the only reason I've been able to hold it together so far this summer.
Marshall: OK, you know what? I'm calling her.
Marshall: Ted, I know I shouldn't do this but I have to!
Marshall: Hello, Lily Aldrin's room please. Thank you.
Marshall: Ted, I can't hang up now.
Marshall: Hello?! (He hangs up) A guy answered. There is... There is a guy in her room. I'm going down there.
Marshall: I have to go down there and I have to tell her I love her. I have to beg to take me back even if I have to tell on my knees.
Marshall: Really? Why not?
Marshall: Hey.
Marshall: Well, I went up to Lily's floor...
Marshall:...and I had this little speech in my head. Everything I've been wanting to say to her all summer about love, loyalty, respect. I knocked on the door. (A man is opening the door and Marshall is punching him in the face).
Marshall: Yeah. It wasn't Lily's boyfriend.
Marshall: Yeah. I don't know. Those credit card charges were the only remaining connection I had to her. I don't know where she is or what she's doing. She was my whole life man and now she's... She's gone.
Marshall: Ted.
Marshall: I was high that day. I was. I was so high I thought you were the dean.
Marshall: OK.OK! Resolved. Starting tomorrow, I'm going to start being OK. Cheers.
Marshall: It's Sunday. It's pancakes day.
Marshall: Impeccable, old bean. To industry!
Marshall: Look at us, huh? In tuxedos? Can you imagine if our college selves saw us like this?
Marshall: Yeah, we were pretty anti-establishment back then. Oh, God, remember Russell?
Marshall: Nice monkey suit, Russell.
Marshall: Oh, I'm sorry, I can't hear you with that corporate noose around your neck. And don't even try showing up to the drum circle this weekend.
Marshall: Absotively. But let's just remember, I mean, nobody's the same as they were in college. You know, it's like, I wear a suit to work every day.
Marshall: Okay, the giant blue whale hanging from the ceiling?
Marshall: The Captain?
Marshall: Ahoy, The Captain.
Marshall: Thank you, The Captain.
Marshall: I know, it's so, uh... You know, I totally forgot to tell you, but, um, the other day, Arthur offered me a five-year contract.
Marshall: I think I'm going to say yes.
Marshall: I-I want to keep working at GNB.
Marshall: Look, I don't hate all of it. Tonight's fun. Take a look around. I mean, this is pretty high-class.
Marshall: That was a great dream. But we have a mortgage, and we're trying to have kids. We're grown-ups now, Lily.
Marshall: Honestly? Probably something pretentious, and pseudo-intellectual, like...
Marshall: We all change, Lily. You know, you don't spell "women" with a "Y" anymore. And I'm okay with that. And you need to be okay with the fact that I may never become an environmental lawyer.
Marshall: Honestly? Since my first day at GNB.
Marshall: Technically, I never lied. You asked me questions, and I responded with made-up words.
Marshall: Affirmatootly.
Marshall: Yepskerdoodles.
Marshall: Posititochadochmecochepopocha.
Marshall: Lawyered.
Marshall: Okay. Lily, what do you want from me? I want you to be the person I fell in love with.
Marshall: Hey.
Marshall: Look, Lily, I know that you would have been okay if we were poor and I was trying to save the world, but will you still be okay if I make a lot of money and I spend all of it spoiling you and our kids?
Marshall: So you're not goanna call her? You went from, "I think I'm in love with you" to "I'm not gonna call her?"
Marshall: So're you gonna ask her out?
Marshall: We're having a party next Friday?
Marshall: Alright-so call her up!
Marshall: Baby, no. I have a twenty-five paged paper on unconstitutional law due on Monday, I barely started,
Marshall: (Closes laptop screen) No underwear?
Marshall: Hello?
Marshall: No, no I'm just writing my paper. Hitting the books.
Marshall: So, Gatsby, what are you goanna do when Robin shows up?
Marshall: We do it up there sometimes.
Marshall: I ate like four whole cans of dip!
Marshall: What are you doing to me, man. I got a paper to write.
Marshall: TED! TED WAIT-GET FRENCH ONION. (Closes door) Can you believe this guy, I got a paper to write. (Lily smiles) Okay, fine-(they walk into the bedroom) but it's gotta be like super quick.
Marshall: And no cuddling after.
Marshall: Alright.
Marshall: Sorry, Ted. (Goes up)
Marshall: Alright, we threw two parties. Everybody had fun. Everybody wanged, everybody chunged. Now the kid has got to get to work, and the kid is not to be disturbed. Repeat after me, "I will not have s*x with Marshall".
Marshall: Sorry, baby, I gotta work. I need all my blood (points to brain) up here. Has anybody seen an introduction to contract work institution statutes from 1865 to 1923? (Silence) Anybody seen a big-ass book?
Marshall: Okay, where the hell is my-OHH! (Book has been used as coaster, all wet) Okay, introduction to contract work institution statutes from 1865 to 1923...is not a coaster! Ted! I'm jeopardizing my law career so that you can throw not one, not two, but three parties for some girl that you just met who's probably not gonna show up. (Ted's shocked) I mean where is she, Ted, huh? Where's Robin? (Finds Robin) Hi! Hi Robin. (Throws book on the floor and grabs Lily for s*x)
Marshall: What are you gonna do?
Marshall: Dude, you're talking to the kid.
Marshall: I'm goanna knock back this beer. I'm gonna knock back one more beer. I'm gonna go home, I'm gonna write a twenty-five page paper. I'm gonna hand it in and I'm gonna get a A. My name is Rufus, and that's the Trufus.
Marshall: Nice to meet you.
Marshall: This guy is awesome. It's funny, smart, beautiful. You have him to nab it before someone else.
Marshall: Yeah, Barney sees girls, it could not be happier.
Marshall: It invites you to come out? Say yes! Say yes!
Marshall: I just have a cold. That's why for my voice. (She goes into the kitchen and tries to pick up the phone) But great for Saturday night. One can go to a restaurant grill, and you could bring a first side for my friends Marshall. I gotta go. Kisses.
Marshall: You have to do, okay? A great guy like Don, it's rare.And speaking of rare, first one side, do not forget. Thank you.
Marshall: You knew that Robin was in mourning? It looked good after the break.
Marshall: She cried? Real tears? It means...
Marshall: Yeah, Barney sees girls, it could not be happier. You see, this guy has been very active. Sexually. Finally, it is like that... bang... bang... bang... You see? It's like... bang... bang...
Marshall: How could you let me do? You're my wife. You must avoid that I ridiculed in public.
Marshall: Tonight is the big night. Where do you take D-Bag?This is a bad nickname for Don. I will look better.
Marshall: How does it... Wait.
Marshall: Robin canceled his hot date.
Marshall: Ted! How could you do that?! Robin has just released his period of mourning!
Marshall: You see nothing. Typical of a guy. She was obviously devastated.
Marshall: A song about the number of girls that Barney has typed recently.
Marshall: Super.
Marshall: I think it is the toilet.
Marshall: Because I am angry against you. And against me. Ted and cons. And frankly, I still am against the Empire.
Marshall: Typical of a guy.
Marshall: And hast me you vomit in your Stormtrooper helmet.
Marshall: How was this date?
Marshall: Terrible.
Marshall: Yeah, you're right, I'll ask for another room.
Marshall: You can come back later? It takes a nap.
Marshall: We spent 18 hours.
Marshall: I lost 5 kg.
Marshall: Yes, a mini fridge. And separate beds.
Marshall: Humans are not made to share a bed. s*x and sleep are associated, but these are two different things.
Marshall: Me too. And snacks, but that's all. You know what we should do? Buy a third bed to make love.
Marshall: Awesome. That way, each bed will have its uses.
Marshall: Baby, you come to revolutionize modern marriage?
Marshall: You will not believe. Don also has twin beds.
Marshall: But I bet you have no special bed s*x.
Marshall: This is Don. It's not us. Our new way to sleep is only going to get closer. Now, get out of my bed.
Marshall: Sure. You spoke of the beds. No, I'm not.
Marshall: I love you more than anything, but you're worse than a kettle. I'm surprised that your pee breaks are not as steam.
Marshall: To hit me and slam me all night? I swear, as soon as you fall asleep, it looks like it push you arms. One would think sleeping with an Indian goddess.
Marshall: You speak of beds yet?
Marshall: Come here.
Marshall: It was good. Well, you gotta go.
Marshall: I'm sorry. It was great and you're great. But, I must get up early, so...
Marshall: You knew before you start. (Lily gets up to join his bed) Wait. Forget your sweater. Nice try.
Marshall: Theodore!
Marshall: But it's empty now.
Marshall: You want us to go in New Jersey? Oh, that's great.
Marshall: It's waiting for you?
Marshall: Why it looks silly? She had a stroke?
Marshall: You wore towels.
Marshall: It's pathetic. It's Saturday night. We should get drunk in a bar. I know this sounds depressing, almost tragic, but it is a fact.
Marshall: No snakes on that plane.
Marshall: What? No!
Marshall: You deserve better than that.
Marshall: It's not so bad. You can put a mini fridge, there, and perhaps an air hockey.
Marshall: So, your first day?
Marshall: No!
Marshall: You're in the eye of cycorde.
Marshall: New Jersey is not so bad. Stella has a lawn. You can have a lawn mower. They sell there. I've seen with a cup holder. I saw a deck chair with a cup holder. I even saw a hammock with a cup holder. You live in New Jersey, you will not have to hold a cup.
Marshall: You'll be on the other side of the river. You'll be in New York all the time.
Marshall: You see? All the time.
Marshall: What do you think guys? Beagle, or Boston terrier?
Marshall: I hate New York! Sorry, but it's true. Today, I passed PriceCo. You've already been? It's huge. The New York stores are cramped. When I turn, I spill something. I'm like a big monster out of the ocean to destroy bodegas.
Marshall: Yes, except I hate it. I'm too big for New York! I try to hold seats in the cramped subway or stoop under doors over 150 years. People are taller, have larger doors. What is your problem?
Marshall: It is too noisy, all the time. Yes, it is the city that never sleeps. Well, I would sleep well. I'm tired for 8 years. Tired and scared, with black and blue marks on my elbows to try to keep between the gateway for elves. New Jersey's great. There are department stores, and lawn and you do not have to wear a cup. For the rest of your life. I'm not afraid to say so. I love New Jersey. Just kidding.
Marshall: Hi.
Marshall: It looks like a spring day in Minnesota, there was no q'il all the taxis, the skyscrapers and the blacks.
Marshall: Not if Prince is on tour.
Marshall: Hi everyone.
Marshall: This is Robin.
Marshall: Turn drink.
Marshall: And you? Hey, man! You got anything in the leg?
Marshall: Go. You're wrong.
Marshall: Oh, yeah? I have the best score. Without boasting, I caught... a pike of almost 1 m. The biggest fish virtual nobody has ever taken. Finally... freshwater.
Marshall: The match. The Vikings were 2 minutes to go to the Super Bowl, when our striker, who had not missed a year's messed up a penalty and we lost in overtime. Damn!
Marshall: Yes.
Marshall: My father, I had never seen him cry in my life, wiped away a tear. He said... "A small part of me just died, son. "
Marshall: Do not let... anyone here know that you're not from Minnesota.
Marshall: Hi everyone!
Marshall: I said, good evening everyone!
Marshall: Beautiful story! But it seems a bit familiar.
Marshall: I see what you do.
Marshall: I've brought here because... I was sorry for you. And there, it looks like you're trying to steal my bar.
Marshall: With the nearby Canada, Minnesota, we like to make jokes on your back and they are often on the same theme.
Marshall: Yes. For example, everyone, how many Canadians does it take to change a lightbulb? "What? No, the bulb is dead? I'm afraid! "
Marshall: Where do prejudices? A stereotype appears, and suddenly, it spreads like fire. Asians misbehave, the Scots are stingy, the Brazilians are too many stamps. I doubt it works.You can not hang out with people who belittle your beloved country. I take you back.
Marshall: Please, no scene.
Marshall: You can catch two fish with a hook.
Marshall: It is Canadian! Robin is Canadian! She is Canadian.It comes not from Bemidji and she knows bugger all about the Vikings.
Marshall: During the 1999 NFC Championship, when the Vikings lost...
Marshall:... who was the scorer who missed the penalty?
Marshall: Gary Anderson. He is retired. It was a case of fly fishing... in Canada.
Marshall: Sorry about what happened inside. I was stupid. I should say anything.
Marshall: But if.
Marshall: We love you all. If you ever leave again in Canada, we jump on a plane, you are pursuing, and after that Barney has dragged some of the club with which you have spoken, we will bring you here where you are supposed to be. This is not New York without Robin Scherbatsky.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: I was hoping that you say that.
Marshall: Just like home, eh?
Marshall: OK. You come home in him, he apologized and you file a donut free?
Marshall: Sorry! All is well! Sorry.
Marshall: I think you will recognize. I will throw your body anyway. I will throw your body into Canada Day! Dude, you can split the screen. We know the words.
Marshall: Here she comes. Here she comes.
Marshall: I've never need the beer more than I do right now.
Marshall: Yeah, well, it was supposed to be, but my professor's like the toughest grader I've ever seen. She had like a bad divorce this summer and now she's taking it out on us. To tell you the truth, I think she just needs to get laid.
Marshall: You wouldn't be into her.She's, like, in her late 40s.
Marshall: Yeah, I guess she's kind of hot, yeah.
Marshall: I didn't challenge you to have s*x with...
Marshall: Classic.
Marshall: Dude, that is cold-blooded.
Marshall: Okay, wait, wait, wait. That's professor Lewis's office there.
Marshall: Wait, wait, wait.I'm not so sure I'm comfortable with you hunting my constitutional law professor.
Marshall: Go, Barney. Go mount and stuff that cougar.
Marshall: I'd ask you how last night went, but we had a pop quiz today. Nobody got higher than a c-minus.
Marshall: You claim to have so much s*x. I only assumed you'd be good at it.
Marshall: Just let it go, man. You're making things worse.
Marshall: Dude, you're killing me. You didn't tame the cougar. You just made her angrier.
Marshall: So you're going back over there?
Marshall: Professor Lewis, hi.
Marshall: Let her go. She belongs out there in the wild. You should feel proud. You fought the cougar and lived.
Marshall: Sure, it goes without saying.
Marshall: Deal.
Marshall: You were serious with this story of the fifth lookalike?A baby is big enough to let the universe decide.
Marshall: Decided!
Marshall: I've moved up.
Marshall: Marshall. So, you're in the office? You're not, I do not know, driving a taxi, with a wig?
Marshall: Barney's office. It was the fifth double.
Marshall: I hasten to add. This is one of the moments you dream about. "Friends, Lily and I have unprotected relations. "I have chills.
Marshall: What? Why?
Marshall: Okay. I tell anyone.
Marshall: I love you buddy, but it is impossible that the blond you go well.
Marshall: It is not at all what we expected!
Marshall: Sorry. You do not know me. But I wanted to thank you.In fact, you are someone very important in my life.
Marshall: You're the fifth double. How can you be you? I called you, Barney. And we talked about!
Marshall: It was a recording? You called me Big Chief, my nickname special job.
Marshall: Come on. Stops.
Marshall: Why are you brown taxi driver?
Marshall: Sure. You're doing well in the Baltics.
Marshall: I think so. I must confess to Lily that the fifth lookalike is false.
Marshall: Lily decided that once you have seen all the doubles, we try to have children.
Marshall: I'm ready to be a father, you know? But Lily needs a sign of the universe. It could take years.
Marshall: Just to know, but it would do the same if we had not seen the Barney look-alike, eh?
Marshall: I can not. I can in good conscience you plant.
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: Well, there you got wrong.
Marshall: It was the same size!
Marshall: You forgot what looks like Barney?
Marshall: Why are you in our room? (Robin's turn to...) Why are you in our room? (Followed by Ted) Why Ellen DeGeneres is in our room?
Marshall: By omission, because this idea of "let the world decide" is crazy.
Marshall: We must control our...
Marshall: I told you so.
Marshall: Tell me... Did you see the real Barney driving the taxi, and you thought it was a little Asian pot-bellied.
Marshall: It's not weird. That means you're not ready. Sorry for wanting to rush things. Our baby can expect the real dead ringer for Barney.
Marshall: Barney?
Marshall: It's just a guy we know who has a blog and really bad.
Marshall: This is something that was cool 8 years ago.
Marshall: Really? Your last name is "Sosie"?
Marshall: Wait a second. Is it possible that Barney Stinson secretly hope they have children?
Marshall: Guys... Play the game
Marshall: It's amazing.
Marshall: Does that mean...?
Marshall: I need to hear Lily.
Marshall: If I got a celebrity, it would be Lily. This is the star of my heart.
Marshall: Please, calm down. You swallow too much air.
Marshall: Now you've spun him hiccups.
Marshall: What do you mean "collection"?
Marshall: It is simply impossible.
Marshall: Point org?
Marshall: No. I want to.
Marshall: It's time you know. A few weeks ago, Bilson called us.
Marshall: Dude, Ted will be devastated.
Marshall: Tell him, you're his best friend.
Marshall: No, it's really you. Shhh, it happens.
Marshall: You okay?
Marshall: It is clear, leave him. It is unworthy of you.
Marshall: You're super good. Keep it up, man. Your hair, your teeth are beautiful now. You shine like a diamond!
Marshall: I have an idea. The next two months Ted has paid anyway. We could not let it continue and not to tell her? He had a tough year. Let the fun a little.
Marshall: But if I can.
Marshall: I have a spaceship.
Marshall: I have no spaceship.
Marshall: It is what color?
Marshall: My God! It's horrible. Dandelion will make it? Okay...You're strong! Dandelion is not sick, huh?
Marshall: We did it to protect you.
Marshall: Sorry, Ted.
Marshall: Not at all.
Marshall: Kiefer Sutherland, souvenir glasses, tights and a Pancake.
Marshall: So we... invented the working group. It was enough just to gather a team.
Marshall: You see Roy Waterman, Vice President of Venture Capital? It's actually... Roy maintenance. (In the hallway...) I'm sorry, Roy. How would you like to make you some money?
Marshall: Louisa Mendoza, Vice President at Capital exécutie, It's actually... Louisa from the cafeteria. (In the canteen...) Louisa, I need your help, but forbidden to speak.
Marshall: Exactly. This is an important secret. How do you say "secret" in Spanish?
Marshall: Okay. Albondigas. This will be our little albondigas. I have balls, please? Arthur and Nasmith, the eccentric genius, investment guru, it's actually... Arty the cracked one-man band of 15th Street. (In the street...) Excuse me. One can argue?
Marshall: It was completed with the group of trainees and paid $ 50 for them to look enthusiastic when you talked...
Marshall: Good job.
Marshall: When you played third base for the softball team GNB.
Marshall: Sorry, we knew you'd be unemployed soon. We wanted you to feel good. Friends do that.
Marshall: Sometimes, yes, to protect them.
Marshall: You're like me, people? Have you ever considered the amount of fish species? And... the name of these fish?Here are a few. "Trout. "Right? "Sturgeon. "I think so buddy."Salmon. "I'll say it again... Salmon. Who thought it was a good idea? "Bar. "This guy is what I mean. "Halibut. "Thank you, good evening. How do I?
Marshall: Timeout. You do not like fish?
Marshall: Whatever... This proves my point. You lied to me to protect me.
Marshall: What if we told you that you found another project to GNB, where you have to redo part of the 20th floor.
Marshall: It turns people here.
Marshall: GNB think we need a safe place to meet new.
Marshall: Read it.
Marshall: Who the hell... The Old King Clancy is?
Marshall: And fame, this is Harvey Léplateaux?
Marshall: Hey, Mister Whisper. You should not be up there to draw your super PTE?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: You're kidding.
Marshall: Why?
Marshall: So, do we want it?
Marshall: Shh... Lily went sleepy-bye.
Marshall: Yeah, so now the wedding's back on.
Marshall: Last time James was in town, Barney got slapped once, lucky twice, and... whose penthouse hot tub did you end up in?
Marshall: Tonight? It's after 9:00 and...I have warm soup belly.
Marshall: Poor guy.
Marshall: Well, it takes a lot of guts to approach a girl and you just crushed him.
Marshall: "Oh, poor me. I get to order yummy, pink drinks with chunks of real fruit that guys secretly like, but can't order because they'll be made fun of."
Marshall: - They're delicious!
Marshall: Yeah, he's turning down shots, he's yawning, he's whining about his feet. He's as bad as we are.
Marshall: Look at that. He's texting!
Marshall: B-Barney? Have you noticed anything...different about James?
Marshall: Yes.
Marshall: Barney, I'm sorry you're upset, but you got to suck it up and be a man about this.
Marshall: Just because James is getting married doesn't mean things are going to change.
Marshall: Oh, my God. Freedom has never tasted so delicious.
Marshall: I do. And thank you for noticing. You're obviously in very good shape yourself.
Marshall: You know what? I'm very flattered, and, objectively, you're a very attractive man, but this is actually my fiancée.
Marshall: No, no, this isn't my drink. This is hers.
Marshall: You see that? Being hit on doesn't have to be terrible. I feel flattered, and everyone left with their dignity.
Marshall: - We're hot.
Marshall: I just never thought I'd see Barney so vulnerable.
Marshall: Okay, we're actually right in the middle of something right now, so...
Marshall: That's like the eighth guy who's hit on us in ten minutes. It's like, hello,
Marshall: Whoa. It's 9:00. We should be getting back. You guys want to split a cab?
Marshall: All right, well, it's getting late. Got to get the wife home.
Marshall: Do it yourself.
Marshall: She will not like it.
Marshall: Yes, I know. I tag. Are you worried?
Marshall: I would like to have your insurance.
Marshall: I work harder than anyone in my division.
Marshall: What do you mean something?
Marshall: I love Chow-man. They can not fire him. You know what I like about Chow-man?
Marshall: It's always food.
Marshall: I have this thing that makes me a guy. Maybe even a guy and a half.
Marshall: That's great!
Marshall: I love Toy-man.
Marshall: You're right. I need something.
Marshall: Hi, Douglas.
Marshall: I was relaxed, two seconds ago.
Marshall: I thought of something to become indispensable.The Ecolo-man! Everyone loves recycling, eh?
Marshall: I have others. Ties-Fun-man.
Marshall: Info-Unusual-man?
Marshall: Stretch-man?
Marshall: The Monty-Python-man?
Marshall: Wait! I ran a simulation league baseball in school.
Marshall: Great! Great! I Simulates-man!
Marshall: It's a bit harder than I thought. Registration fees, transaction charges penalty, I... keeps a lot of money.
Marshall: 60, 80, 100. $ 18 000 in cash. It's nothing. I'll bring it home and put them in a safe place. (Marshall is in the street) OK, walk down the street with money in his pocket. Not touch the money. It's so obvious. Be natural. The baby looks at me.Babies can smell money. It is known! I carry a lot of money!
Marshall: Really, dude, I know not how long I'll keep.
Marshall: A waste?
Marshall: This is Ted Mosby Mosbius Designs. How is the home office?
Marshall: Dude, why are you so upset that Ted does not sleep with the people he hires?
Marshall: How so?
Marshall: I'll try, but no warranty. She is still shocked by this joke. This joke. It tore our group, which turns the people I love against the other. Frankly, I would... I would like this joke is never entered our lives.
Marshall: It's very funny.
Marshall: I can be more Sports-man. I'm going crazy! I keep receiving text messages, emails and calls in the middle of the night. Sometimes I even think that I follow.
Marshall: Seriously, it's over.
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Apparently, Robin and PJ are together again.
Marshall: How are you?
Marshall: I know you're in love with Robin.
Marshall: Lily told me.
Marshall: Actually, oddly, we both think you're meant for each other.
Marshall: It even tries to sit on the same side for you to sit side by side.
Marshall: Tell her how you feel?
Marshall: I can perhaps help you.
Marshall: Hey, Chow-man!
Marshall: Who's this guy?
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: Are you sure this poo-poo didn't happen on your watch and you just ran out the clock until it was my problem?
Marshall: But I worked at a yogurt shop in high school. And indeed, it was... insane.
Marshall: What? You had not interviewed the mayor?
Marshall: You have nabbed seven in a row?
Marshall: Again?
Marshall: You know, in fact, it was not me who should pay.Because I do not really like pizza.
Marshall: Okay, so I have no money on me... it's because... I was assaulted.
Marshall: You can pay Arthur? I have the slab! How is your father, anyway?
Marshall: That's good.
Marshall: Yes, because I was assaulted in 1947 at the corner of Abbott and Costello. But no. I cut through Central Park back from work.
Marshall: It's good. It's good.
Marshall: It was downright terrifying.
Marshall: What are you doing?
Marshall: It will not work. If?
Marshall: I authorize you to do.
Marshall: Okay, you know what? We'll all calm down. We do not need a gun. I just want to forget what happened and continue to live my life.
Marshall: Listen baby, I know it's scary, but look at me. I'm fine.You can put this behind us?
Marshall: You wanna buy a gun?
Marshall: You do not need a weapon. All studies in the world come together to say that a home is safer with no weapon, especially ours. You know how I ever hurt you unintentionally.
Marshall: Pretty easy, huh? (And send the cork in the eye of Lily. Marshall and Lily sleeping when Marshall is a slap to Lily. Marshall before the fridge and opens the door when Lily arrives. They dance loose Lily and Marshall) Dispatch, baby. The party will begin. (Lily is dressed up and scared a killer Marshall puts his fist) You had to disguise yourself in sexy chat!
Marshall: Now, you want to add a weapon in this equation?
Marshall: I know. I know. Listen, I must confess something. This attack did not go exactly as I said.
Marshall: He wore no black cap. It is wearing nothing at all.
Marshall: It's good. It's good.
Marshall: No, guys. I came home from work on foot. Through Central Park, and I stopped at the zoo.
Marshall: It's good. It's good.
Marshall: For a monkey. I got mugged by a monkey.
Marshall: Yeah, I got mugged by a monkey. I was embarrassed, so I invented another story. The important, Lily, you do not need a weapon.
Marshall: Because I saw that the monkey did and I wanted more after.
Marshall: They tracked.
Marshall: Okay. That's what happened.
Marshall: I ate no banana! If you tell it, do it well.
Marshall: Was not... Was not banana banana.
Marshall: Do not shoot. There was no banana!
Marshall: This part is right. It is not unusual, right? Thailand, China, Costa Rica, people are attacked by monkeys all the time.They are gatherers. Because of their dynamic inter-social, have a predisposition to flight, gives them a genetic advantage.
Marshall: Can you promise me to present it so that I am not ridiculous to myself assaulted by a monkey?
Marshall: You're the lemon in your hair.
Marshall: Really? Cool.
Marshall: Nobody except the good people of Thailand, China, Costa Rica and many other countries where the crime committed by the monkeys is a common nuisance.
Marshall: Me too. Guys, it will not. I can not do that.
Marshall: That's not it. Guys... I'm not assaulted by a monkey.
Marshall: Not at all.
Marshall: No, that's not it.
Marshall: Guys, there was no monkey! He was a man with a gun.
Marshall: I just invented this story that Lily does not buy a weapon. In truth, it never happened.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: I would not?
Marshall: Well, this has never happened. And I can lie to you because you are my best friends.
Marshall: But I can not lie on national TV.
Marshall: Ted, do not do that...
Marshall: You mean what you done to him.
Marshall: You got me. I was just nervous. I got mugged by a monkey.
Marshall: Come on, Ted.
Marshall: The monkey is there.
Marshall: The name of his companion is Milly?
Marshall: Well... I'd love to tell you what happened, Robin. But... I really want to know what's under that sheet.
Marshall: People are attacked every day in New York, Robin, do we often see what's under that sheet? You can shoot it?
Marshall: I have not really been attacked by a monkey. I invented it for that Lily buys a gun.
Marshall: What are you talking, baby? Of course I do.
Marshall: Not five minutes. I have not been attacked by a monkey.
Marshall: No. I got mugged.
Marshall: No! I have not been mugged!
Marshall: Okay! That is the truth. I go back... back to bed.
Marshall: Hey. Barney, let's go outside for a second.
Marshall: Barney, I can't believe your giant TV is broken. It's March Madness.
Marshall: I can't believe Barney is talking to his dad right now.
Marshall: Why'd you wait so long to contact me?
Marshall: Hey, Lily, can you toss me a beer?
Marshall: Lily, at our apartment, you're the one who pees on the floor.
Marshall: Yeah, but... aren't you supposed to be off managing some tour in Australia?
Marshall: You're having dinner with him tonight.
Marshall: No, Barney. I'm never gonna talk to my dad again. But your dad is alive and he lives just down the road.
Marshall: Awesome. Um, Lily, keys. (She throws them way too hard, they land in the trees) I'm literally 11 inches from you.
Marshall: Hey, I got an idea how to pass the time. A little trivia game. Robin, reindeer: real or fake?
Marshall: Yikes! I'm surrounded by a bunch of dum-dums. Good thing I don't have any gaps in my knowledge. I am perfect. Oh, for the love of God, guys, enough already.
Marshall: You've been treating me with kid gloves ever since my dad died.
Marshall: I first noticed it at the bar.
Marshall: Hey, Lily, (his voice cracks) Can you get me a mojito? Normally, you would've given me crap for an hour about a voice crack that pubescently girl-like, but nothing. So then I started to test you guys. [...] The Phantom Menace is by far the best Star Wars movie.
Marshall: You guys like my new soul patch?
Marshall: And once I figured it out, I started doing crazy stuff to see how far you'd let me go. [...]Hey, guys. This is Rex. He's a possum. I found him in the trash. He lives with us now.
Marshall: Lily, we are living with a possum. Rex is violent and he hates us.
Marshall: Please. If you guys really want me to get over the worst tragedy of my life, I'm begging you, tear me a new one. But not like Rex tried to in my sleep last night.
Marshall: Seriously, it's time. What are my gaps?
Marshall: Don't you think that maybe we should go home and, uh, "do the laundry"
Marshall: Yes, I drown the son of a bitch.
Marshall: It's like I'm blind.
Marshall: Whoa. Whoa. Guys, my dad just died.
Marshall: No, I'm just kidding. This is great. I really, I really missed this.
Marshall: Yes! Thank you. Uhm, I learned how to cook while you were gone this summer.
Marshall: Yeah, sure. How about pancakes?
Marshall: Oh, uhm...
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: No, I mean, that's how you're gonna do it? "Do you still wanna?" That's like the lamest proposal ever. When I did it, I got down on my knees... I don't know, I'm just saying.
Marshall: No, no, no, no, no, no.
Marshall: You can't lead with that. You got to... build up to that. You got to have, like, a little speech.
Marshall: I had a speech prepared.
Marshall: I don't know. I mean, you could tell me, like, about how good-looking and funny and smart I am and I've been working out lately. It might be nice for you to mention something about that.
Marshall: Thank you.
Marshall: Oh, thanks.
Marshall: And a few tears wouldn't hurt.
Marshall: I'll marry you. Of course. But, uhm, until you see a ring on this finger, don't expect me to put out.
Marshall: I'll give you this. That was a very creative use of syrup.
Marshall: I know, I know.
Marshall: It's okay, baby. You're not just realizing that now, are you?
Marshall: Yeah...
Marshall: Robin! Stop the news!
Marshall: Yeah!
Marshall: You got it.
Marshall: So are you in or not?
Marshall: No, we got to get going to the...
Marshall: And something blue. Somebody should really check on this lady.
Marshall: I'm ready. Let's get married.
Marshall: No, we got to go get the veil.
Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Marshall: Thanks.
Marshall: Great, a little nervous.
Marshall: Not that nervous.
Marshall: Oh, yeah, definitely.
Marshall: Barney, no.
Marshall: You're not my best man.
Marshall: You're not my best friend.
Marshall: Barney, I don't have any time for a bachelor party. I've got, like, 18 minutes.
Marshall: And it took us exactly 18 minutes. We went to a strip club.
Marshall: We weren't there for very long. It's not like I had time to have a lap dance or anything. I got a lap dance.
Marshall: Right. What?
Marshall: Oh, baby, this is it. Let's do this thing.
Marshall: We don't want any of that. Just your basic quickie wedding will be fine.
Marshall: You guys, take it easy, guys. Are you sure about this?
Marshall: What better reason could there be?
Marshall: God, this is taking forever.
Marshall: Hi. Hello. Uh, we need a marriage license, but we need to skip the waiting period because... We're in love.
Marshall: Why are you doing this to us?!
Marshall: You know what? We get it.
Marshall: Geez, you go to a vending machine for 30 seconds.
Marshall: A look of love.
Marshall: You know, what's thick? what's thin?
Marshall: I have.
Marshall: Guys. It's looking like this isn't gonna happen.
Marshall: Baby, anyplace we go, we're gonna need a marriage license.
Marshall: I should go talk to her.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Hey, Lily. Found a ship captain.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Wait, I get it. I understand this game.
Marshall: I totally understand the game, Theodore. Barney, split your tiles. You can triple your money if you find the jellybean.
Marshall: Thanks, Barney.
Marshall: Yeah, serious is probably good.
Marshall: What was what?
Marshall: We don't.
Marshall: So do I. And yeah... My family might still be upset with you. But when they see us up there, they're gonna see how much we love each other and none of that other stuff is gonna matter.
Marshall: I love you, too, Lilypad.
Marshall: Are... we married? Did you just marry us? Weren't you listening? We don't want to be married.
Marshall: Hey... Ted.
Marshall: Man, I hope so.
Marshall: I know. It's just fun to say.
Marshall: It's called "Marsh-gammon." It combines all the best features of all the best games... Candy Land, I Never, Pictionary.
Marshall: No. Backgammon sucks. I took the only good part of backgammon, the "gammon," and I left the rest of it in the trash where it belongs.
Marshall: Fine.
Marshall: But if you roll an even number while adjacent to the Peppermint Forest, then you "Marshall out," and all your chips go into the pot, and remember, if you ever ask the question "What?", then... you got to drink. Got it?
Marshall: Okay, okay, no, no, we'll just start, you guys'll pick it up. Newbie goes first. Roll.
Marshall: Three! You got Autobiography. Now, that's where you have to answer a personal question about your dating life truthfully in order to move on.
Marshall: Hey, she's the one who rolled a three. Victoria, "Have you ever cheated while in a relationship?" Wow, good question.
Marshall: Victoria, that was an honest and mature answer. You may advance to The Gumdrop Mountains.
Marshall: You said what, you got to drink!
Marshall: Okay, Robin, your roll. Five! Another Autobiography... for the player to your left, which... Victoria!
Marshall: Victoria, "How many boyfriends did you have before you started dating Ted?"
Marshall: Thank you! Finally somebody understands Marsh-gammon.
Marshall: Drink!
Marshall: Did you try his cell phone?
Marshall: Well, we all have embarrassing stories. Sometimes it's good to-to talk about it.
Marshall: All right.
Marshall: I was stopping by Lily's kindergarten class to say hi, but they were all at recess. I really had to pee, so I went into the class's restroom. It was a-a smaller target than I'm used to, so I figured I should sit down. What I didn't realize was, it was a shared bathroom. I wish I'd pulled up my pants.
Marshall: Oh, I know just how to decide who.
Marshall: Well, we're not quitting just 'cause Ted's so far ahead.
Marshall: Yeah, Victoria, way to step up!
Marshall: That is the greatest story ever!
Marshall: Now we all got to drink.
Marshall: Lily, no!
Marshall: Oh, crap. My mom sent cookies?
Marshall: So we've got the whole place to ourselves.
Marshall: Sounds reasonable.
Marshall: Barney, that was really embarrassing for both of us. We just earned a huge chunk of story.
Marshall: Sorry.
Marshall: I thought you were vomit-free since '93. So that was a lie?
Marshall: Wait, eight years, that's, that's this year.
Marshall: I think Barney just won game night.
Marshall: You know, I saw this in the theater, like, five times, but I never got to see it with the right girl.
Marshall: What girls?
Marshall: Hey, Mom? I hate to be that guy, but I'm pretty sure it was Hot Pocket o'clock, like, ten minutes ago. Lily. What are you doing here?
Marshall: Oh, my gosh. That's so sweet. I'm so glad you're here. Hey, um, before I forget, Mom, did you remember to get more double-A batteries?
Marshall: Oh, great, okay. I don't want my Game Boy to crap out. I'm having the sickest Dr. Mario run of my life. Okay. I'll be right back. I love you, Lily. Okay. You're the best, Mom.
Marshall: My mom loves to feel needed. Letting her take care of me is how I'm taking care of her. She's in a dark place, Lily. She needs this. Mom? You forgot my chocolate milk with the swirly straw!
Marshall: Well, baby, we could watch Predator here. No, my mom can go rent it for us after she's done digging out the car.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Mom, d-do you want me to leave?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: I can't right now, 'cause my mom needs me.
Marshall: Hell, yeah.
Marshall: Baby, don't go.
Marshall: I miss my dad, Ted. I miss him so much.
Marshall: Um, when I was a kid, we would spend the summers in the Upper Peninsula. And every year, we wouldn't get to the cabin till, like, the middle of the night. And so, it would be pitch black, in the middle of the woods. And I could never see anything in front of the headlights but I always felt so safe 'cause my dad was driving. He was like some sort of superhero who could just see way out into the darkness. Now he's just gone. And it's pitch black. And I can't see where I'm going. I can't see anything.
Marshall: Thanks a lot for coming out here, man.
Marshall: Hey, are-are you sure it's okay with Zoey that you're here for Valentine's Day?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: You're not taking a step back. You're running away. And hiding out here, hiding out here is not gonna solve anything. You're just holed up in Minnesota because you're too scared to face reality, and it's... We got to go back to New York, tonight.
Marshall: So, we drive. It's time. It's time to get back to real life. It's time to grow up. Yeah Mom! Can you make us some PB and J's for the road?
Marshall: Crusts cut off! No, Ted. What are we...? We're men. Mom! Leave the crusts on! They forced their opponents to scatter, picking them off, one by one, in a swift and merciless slaughter.
Marshall: Happy Valentine's Day, Lily Pad. Oh.
Marshall: Although, I'm gonna be hitting it pretty soon.
Marshall: Yeah, and when I hit it, I'm going to go nuts.
Marshall: Hello.
Marshall: Yeah, I'm kind of real focused on the job hunt right now.
Marshall: For the last time, Barney, I will not be your butler.
Marshall: How much?
Marshall: I'll take it.
Marshall: Hey. so, I'm reading this, and, I got to say, this might be a little bit over my head. For one thing, I'm fairly certain that if these contracts aren't executed precisely, we will be at war with Portugal.
Marshall: Of course. Why are you upset?
Marshall: No. no, no, no, I don't want any more secrets, especially now that I know what you guys did to the drinking water in lisbon. I...
Marshall: You slept with Robin?
Marshall: I don't know.
Marshall: It's helping. You slept with Robin?! I... I cannot keep that secret. I mean, you know I at least have to tell Lily.
Marshall: Why are you doing this to me?!
Marshall: How can I help you as your lawyer? You didn't break any laws, did you? Robin knows you slept with her, doesn't she?
Marshall: This is not a legal docume.. This is just something you wrote.
Marshall: Listen, what do you want me for?
Marshall: Yeah, because you slept with Robin.
Marshall: And you would pay me for that?
Marshall: Barney, I'm no shrink, okay, but don't you see that this is just a desperate way for you to avoid an unpleasant confrontation with Ted?
Marshall: Attorney-client privilege.I can't talk about it.
Marshall: Nothing. How was your day? Oh, goat turd on the floor,I see. Is that new?
Marshall: I don't know what you're talking about,madam.
Marshall: I'm sorry. You did too good of a job writing this thing. It's-it's iron-clad.
Marshall: I thought about that. And I gotta say, Ted has upheld this thing time and time again. For example, article 87: "A bro shall at all times say yes."
Marshall: Article 29 "A bro will in a timely manner alert his bro to the existence of a girl fight."
Marshall: Article 53: "A bro will, whenever possible, provide his bro with protection."
Marshall: Okay, this isn't about the Bro Code, and you know it. The reason that you're upset is because what you did was wrong. And the only way you're ever gonna feel any better about it is if you tell Ted what you did.
Marshall: Well, I guess that's just a chance you're gonna have to take.
Marshall: Oh, crap!
Marshall: Where are they?! I'm getting a cramp.
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Yeah, and she also sheds, eats out of the garbage and can't control her bobowels.
Marshall: I'm sorry! I couldn't take it anymore.
Marshall: Stop it.
Marshall: That's enough. What's wrong with you?
Marshall: But I-I think that we've figured out what's going on with you.
Marshall: Hot top, Bro, is it new?
Marshall: You're finally gonna watch "Goonies AGAIN? Slow love, Chuck".
Marshall: What about that chick...um...Jackie?
Marshall: He wasn't ready for a commitment.
Marshall: Uh-oh.
Marshall: Yeah, dude, email!
Marshall: Okay, in my client's defense. Is there an unterrible way to break up with somebody? No. Personally I'd rather hear the bad news on an answering machine than face the humiliation in person. (Lily Picks up her phone) It's the least painful way you can do it. Who are you calling?
Marshall: Dude, what's Krav Maga?
Marshall: Yeah, she's like the best girl you've dated in years.
Marshall: I don't get it, man, Natalie is awesome.
Marshall: Ineffable... good word. So when are you going to do it?
Marshall: "I'm not ready for a commitment."
Marshall: It's not a cliché, it's a classic. It's the stairway to heaven of breakup lines.
Marshall: Better. There's no better in breaking up. There's only less awful. A cliché's a cliché for a reason. It's comforting.
Marshall: No, no. We're going to get you out of this. Okay, how about... "It's not you it's me"?
Marshall: Oh, you can't tell her that. That's horrible.
Marshall: Alright, man, tell her the truth. She's goanna cry.
Marshall: You planned that?
Marshall: Oh, my god. Are you alright?
Marshall: Oh, man.
Marshall: Big?
Marshall: Content that will be encountered young, not to be.
Marshall: Not at all.
Marshall: Certainly not.
Marshall: I do not like it myself cuddly.
Marshall: It's not a nice bag?
Marshall: I know not what to answer.
Marshall: I'll help you. (It helps a man to repair his bike) That should do it. Guys, not today. It would be... (He begins to dance)
Marshall: It's normal.
Marshall: It's nothing. Forget.
Marshall: To be nice. It cost nothing.
Marshall: No crime? In 1994, the cashier of the grocery store was robbed. Besides, I like being friendly, okay? I will change not it.
Marshall: Was it good?! Not that I'm interested. This is for girls.But it could take me there, like, 7:10 p.m. at the session tomorrow, 9:40 p.m. where because of my meeting. But I will leave soon, we will try to 7:10 p.m..
Marshall: You sure it's you? When I saw The Wild History of space, I would have sworn...
Marshall: I'm stunned.
Marshall: That's comedies these days? I fall off my chair! I really fell off my chair. It was funny.
Marshall: And romantic.
Marshall: It was really nice.
Marshall: If you know what you do, 2 minutes.
Marshall: Tell not the end! This is what I would say, if ever, I wanted to see a movie as bad. Continues.
Marshall: You really used the phrase Jed Mosley?
Marshall: I wanted to see Avatar.
Marshall: No, you know, Ted is not screwed. You know why I'm nice? Because I'm crazy baggage people. Most people see another person with this big suitcase, and they spend doing nothing. But not me. I look at them and say, "Hi, stranger. Can I help you? "And you know who taught me to be like that? A Ted Mosby. A decent and sincere guy who has faith. And you know what, Ted? Inside you, you're still that guy.
Marshall: You wanna go get that girl.
Marshall: For it is the love of your life.
Marshall: Because she's nice.
Marshall: So, uh, I just met with the contractor. and it turns out, that fixing the floors of the new apartment is going to cost a lot more than the estimate.
Marshall: I hate to say this, but I think you're going to have to sell your stuff.
Marshall: I mean your clothes. All those designer pieces and everything.
Marshall: We can sell my stuff, too, but I got to tell you, I think your Marc Jacobs cocktail dress is going to go for a lot more than my "Split Happens" bowling shirt.
Marshall: I'm not selling that. I've already made the Website.
Marshall: Yeah, it's called "Lily-and-Marshall-sell- their-stuff-dot-com."
Marshall: I'm worried. That woman is actually wearing a-a garbage bag.
Marshall: Hey, Lil, if I were to say "Ted could never pull them off," What would I be talking about?
Marshall: Oh, okay, uh, today's category: classic Westerns that involve red cowboy boots. Ooh, ooh! Robin.
Marshall: "No Country for Straight Men."
Marshall: Lily,listen, we really need the money. I have some leads on a job, but until then, I just... I don't know what else we can do.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Yeah. Totally. But...
Marshall: I love it. It's a masterpiece. That's it. We're selling the TV. I just want to come home and stare at this all day. Aw. Somebody call the cops! My wife stole an awesome painting from the museum!
Marshall:...that kind of money only goes for real paintings.
Marshall: Look, it just, it just means that-that we need money right now and I'm not sure that selling your paintings is-is how we're going to get it.
Marshall: No, wait, wait! Of c... of course I believe in you!
Marshall: I love your painting, I just... I'm trying to be realistic.
Marshall: About 1,500 bucks.
Marshall: Babe, we need money fast.
Marshall: Okay, a-a week.
Marshall: Fine.
Marshall: Honey, I never said you weren't a real painter.
Marshall: Lily, come on. I'm proud of you. Who-who bought it?
Marshall: Lily, you're not going to believe this. Something amazing happened.
Marshall: I went to the G-CWOK's apartment.
Marshall: Because I felt guilty. This auction was my idea and now you've had to sit around all day while a bunch of vultures ruthlessly pick apart the carcass of your wardrobe.
Marshall: And more importantly, I honestly love that painting and I couldn't stand to think of it in a trashcan someplace.
Marshall: Hi, um... Lawrence. I-I'm here about the painting my wife Lily solyou-- the one in the nice frame.
Marshall: No, Lily, they love me, but that's not the important part.
Marshall: Right, so, um, they told me they threw it in the building's Dumpster.
Marshall: It wasn't in there, but the super told me that he'd seen one Dr. Greer-- a veterinarian who works in the building-- take the painting out of the trash.
Marshall: You're about to find out.
Marshall: Anyway, because your first painting worked so well, I convinced Dr. Greer to buy four more.
Marshall: Mm-hmm, at $500 a piece.
Marshall: Yeah, but I was actually thinking we could reinvest it.
Marshall: In you.
Marshall: Man, birds do not get you.
Marshall: Hey, go to lilyandmarshallselltheirstuff.com or charityfolks.com.
Marshall: You could get tons of cool stuff on the sell and they all use for great cause.
Marshall: She's superhot and she's so successful.
Marshall: (to himself) But she has a pug that she pushes around in a stroller.
Marshall: Oh.
Marshall: You can't blame us for thinking that the kid would be a problem. I mean, if we were friends with Garfield, we wouldn't set him up on a date with Mondays.
Marshall: (to himself) But she didn't like Field of Dreams.
Marshall: Wow. You're here and not in stall two.
Marshall: I may have made some wildly inappropriate homoerotic comments to a gentleman wearing your shoes.
Marshall: Yes.
Marshall: Neither of you guys has any game, right, or else you'd be married like me.
Marshall: You're joking. I have mad game, bra.
Marshall: What? I am not irrelevant. I know tons of stuff. I could help you guys. I don't wanna be left out.
Marshall: Do you guys wanna hear one of my lines?
Marshall: Are you a model? That one's good because it's flattering to the girl.
Marshall: One time I was with this girl and I tried that model line, and I totally got some over-the-shirt boob action at a Just Say No assembly.
Marshall: Ted, she's leaving.
Marshall: Look who's got game.
Marshall: I am not irrelevant. I ran the numbers. If Lily and I have s*x twice a week, which, let's be honest, we all know is being conservative. And we've been together for ten years plus seventeen more times on the honeymoon. Minus the two week drought when I said the checker at the grocery store reminded me of a young Lily. Then we have had s*x a total of...wait for it...
Marshall: One thousand fifty-three and a half times...my mom called once. But that's more times than Barney has ever had s*x and to your point, Ted, Lily is a quality girl. I win. Lawyered.
Marshall: Totally counts.
Marshall: That's totally you.
Marshall: You're joking, right?
Marshall: Hey, now that you're a mom, are you gonna start wearing those totally awesome jeans that go right up to your boobs?
Marshall: Which Chumbawumba song? Barney: Well, what an interesting turn of events. It looks like I'm going to win.
Marshall: Wow, that's good.
Marshall: Hey, Randy. Uh, you want a beer?
Marshall: Look at them heading home after their dirty, filthy hookups.
Marshall: Oh, looks like Pocahontas has a couple of wounded knees.
Marshall: No, it's because of the...
Marshall: Yeah. Okay, get that camera out of my face before I flip you like a cheese omelet.
Marshall: First of all, that line makes me sound like a hooker and saying it makes me feel like a hooker, so.
Marshall: Wait. Randy, did you send the Hermanson contracts downtown?
Marshall: They never arrived at the downtown office.
Marshall: You shredded them?!
Marshall: That's not an expression! That has never been an expression!
Marshall: Okay, that, that right there. That attitude is exactly why I won't be in your video. Because GNB doesn't care. They hand out pink slips like they're hors d'oevres. Just last week, I was talking to Arthur...
Marshall: GNB treats people like they're disposable, and I will not be a part of that. Marshall Eriksen does not fire people, period.
Marshall: Period.
Marshall: Something bad happened.
Marshall: Randy, hey, have you seen the...
Marshall: That's the Hermanson contract?
Marshall: I need the Filbert contract!
Marshall: Sorry, Randy, but... this just isn't working out.
Marshall: Randy, hey, what's going on?
Marshall: Thank you. So where you headed now?
Marshall: No!!
Marshall: Arthur, I'm here because I made a mistake. I fired Randy yesterday.
Marshall: No, sir, that is what's wrong with this company. How can we say "GNB Cares," and then turn around and treat someone like that? I mean, sure, he made a few mistakes but everybody makes mistakes. Like, like Tugboat here. Aw. I bet you he's made some mistakes. And you didn't fire Tugboat, did you?
Marshall: Exactly-- kind of. Randy doesn't need to be fired. He needs to be fixed.
Marshall: No, sir, I'm saying instead of getting rid of someone when they screw up, we should... we should help them. We should nurture them.
Marshall: This just isn't working out.
Marshall: Randy, great news! You're not fired!
Marshall: I got you your job back, Randy. I thought that you'd be happy.
Marshall: Well, then quit. No one's stopping you.
Marshall: Well, I'm sorry Randy, but that's called fraud.
Marshall: Even if I wanted to fire you, after my talk with Arthur...
Marshall: Listen, Randy, I'm sorry, but I broke my own moral code once and I felt evil. I will not let GNB change me. I will never fire anyone again ever.
Marshall: What are you doing?
Marshall: No, it's actually, um, nice having some of this clutter off my desk. So thank you, Randy.
Marshall: I don't know what I'm going to use this for, but it's great stuff.
Marshall: I've been meaning to clean out that file cabinet for ages.
Marshall: Oh! Okay. Okay. Thank you, Randy. I've been meaning to cut back on my caffeine.
Marshall: That's just the pick-me-up I needed.
Marshall: You think working here is my dream?
Marshall: Randy. This is delicious. You're fired.
Marshall: I care about making dreams come true. You got what you need?
Marshall: This is the life.
Marshall: Wow.
Marshall: Oh, God.
Marshall: Oh... The boots...
Marshall: Ted, Karen is an idiot.
Marshall: I put the forms there.
Marshall: For us, Karen is an idiot. For him, this is the first to have touched his pen1s in hand himself, his mother and pediatrician.
Marshall: That is clear.
Marshall: Sure!
Marshall: Weather.
Marshall: Sorry.
Marshall: You know what? This Friday, everyone will come home at 3:30. We leave the pajamas and watch his show.
Marshall: I hate Robin not to have done better.
Marshall: I knew you were listening!
Marshall: In your face!
Marshall: It's not look comfortable at all. You wear a tie.
Marshall: Why have the class at any time?
Marshall: Sorry, dude, but it is the nightwear most ridiculous I've seen in my life. Finally...
Marshall: I do not care. It's comfortable.
Marshall: What are you talking?
Marshall: I would never...
Marshall: There's nothing to admit!
Marshall: It's important to stay active.
Marshall: You're better off without her.
Marshall: You know what? Go ahead, laugh.
Marshall: Several reasons.
Marshall: A: You can not wear anything underneath.
Marshall: Two: It's sexy.
Marshall: Three: My grandfather was Olaf and he died at 107 years. Four: No elastic waistband leaving its mark around my Thanksgiving belly. And five: each night as I sleep, it's the most wonderful and free feeling in the world. I feel... as if I was flying. That's how I'm going to bed at night: happy, light. With a heart full of joy. And you?
Marshall: That's where is my CD of Creed.
Marshall: You think that's good? Come to the mouth of heating.It's like your bazaar was on a tropical island.
Marshall: A shirt.
Marshall: I do not like this scenario.
Marshall: Come, let's check.
Marshall: Yeah, marriage, man, unconditional love. You can wear what you want and you get laid.
Marshall: Sometimes when you're married, the smell of breakfast wakes you ready.
Marshall: The cafe also. Sometimes she even puts a vase of fresh flowers.
Marshall: It says you're great and everything will be fine.
Marshall: I guess. If you have agreed, perhaps. The guy had a hard day. We'll talk tomorrow. Good night, champ.
Marshall: PS: Sorry that the envelope is opened. I read what she wrote. Marshall.
Marshall: Yeah? And I'd sure love to give a rat's ass.
Marshall: Your move.
Marshall: Screw the environment!
Marshall: Sir, none of that is...
Marshall: Yeah, totally.
Marshall: Listen, um, I hate to go up against my two best friends, but... I really, I really need this right now. I mean, we're, we're cool, right?
Marshall: Barney, please...
Marshall: Oh! Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Marshall: No, I'm still not... ready to put my mouth on anything yet.
Marshall: You know what? Screw this. Game on.
Marshall: Barney! Your wife just called from the hospital! It's a boy!
Marshall: Oh, bye-bye.
Marshall: Mr. Stinson... I had to rush down as soon as I got your results. I'm sorry, but your crabs have super-herpes. (The girl leaves in a hurry)
Marshall: Ah, yes... the sweet, smoky taste of victory.
Marshall: That's it!
Marshall: Oh, God! Ow... Why would you do that to your own jacket?!
Marshall: Oh, really? Really?
Marshall: Really. That... what...
Marshall: Look at this meatball. He's headed right towards me, showing me no respect. Well, if he wants to play chicken, this rooster ain't backing down! Oh. Mirror.
Marshall: I don't know. We could have water, soda, purple stuff...
Marshall: Do you know what I had to do to will myself to show up every day?
Marshall: I showed up with wet hair once! Once!
Marshall: See, ever since the death of my father, I have been drawn to the idea of preservation. That's why The Arcadian speaks to me.
Marshall: Oh God, I didn't even think of that...
Marshall: Look, you didn't do anything wrong. It wasn't you, Barney.
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: Oh, yeah? Hey! Hey! Do you guys have some pancakes, because I... would really like some pancakes. They're fantastic. Let's be honest, I love them. But I hate this guy!
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: It's not too much.
Marshall: Do not misunderstand. You're disgusting and the cops should put a shoe on your part, but this number should be higher. After Barney told me about that, I reviewed the figures and... I have some graphics. Barney dredge about 20 girls a week.
Marshall: Let 20. So 20 girls a week, that's 1,040 girls a year.In its 16 years of sexual activity, it would mean that he has dredged 16,640 girls. If he has slept with 199, it's a success rate... slightly higher than one per cent. This is an average of 12 hits, eight times worse than average in career... launcher in one hand, the launcher... Jim Abbott.
Marshall: It just means you're less than 0.5% was thought disgusting.
Marshall: I'll kill you.
Marshall: Fran, I will not bother you, but I have a presentation tomorrow and it would help me if I could have tables and graphs. Can you help me?
Marshall: We'll have fun. (At the bar...) I ranked the presidents in order of disloyalty. A: Johnson. Two: Bush. Three Harding.Four: Polk. (At the apartment...) This circle represents "Those who break my heart." And this circle represents "Those who constantly undermine my confidence. "And where they meet: Cecilia. (Back at the bar...) This is a pie chart describing my favorite bars. And that is a graph describing my favorite pies.(Ted, Barney and Robin Marshall waiting for a response) What is it?
Marshall: I'm not stupid. I know what you think of my paintings and graphics. In fact, I made a picture of your reactions to my paintings. See it. Yes, that's true, since Cecilia, your interest in my paintings do not stop falling. But based on recent trends, I also... projection boards! And look... a large peak of interest is coming! And it's not just a blip dead cat. It is a long-term growth.
Marshall: So, I prepared some charts to show how the setting up of a shell company in Bermuda could minimize our losses in the second quarter. And you avoid jail. To begin with...Excuse me a moment?
Marshall: What happened to my pictures?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Come on, Ted! I need my pictures! Only for today and I promise to never ever do. I suffered a lot of pressure. I need my paintings, Jack!
Marshall: It's for work, idiot! I make a great show and if I have not these pictures, I'm gonna get fired!
Marshall: Magne! I will research how to wait. (Marshall back in the room) Sorry, there is a little late with the tables. But we'll begin in a moment. Fish are weird, right? I mean, what's their problem?
Marshall: Sorry, there is a star of earth? (Ted comes into the meeting room with tables) start.
Marshall: See ya.
Marshall: What? No. I... Barney, I was...
Marshall: Lily.
Marshall: I did not Ted...
Marshall: Oh, God!
Marshall: Candy.
Marshall: Fine.
Marshall: Ted, what is wrong with you?
Marshall: Hi. Look how sweaty my hands are! It's weird, right? Uh, sweat. Like this... Smelly water coming out of your skin. It was nice meeting you.
Marshall: You went home with her!
Marshall: Barney, no, I'm not going out with you ever again.
Marshall: Oh, really?
Marshall: Oh, come on. Does that really work?
Marshall: Dammit that's intriguing! OK, I'm in.
Marshall: Unbelievable? What's unbelievable?
Marshall: Way to go.
Marshall: Make a beautiful woman feel self-conscious and unattractive and she'll be putty in your hands.
Marshall: I have. A sweet brunette, eight o'clock. Nine o'clock. Ten; thirty. She's walking to the bar.
Marshall: Um, Amy, this is my friend Barney. Barney, this is Amy.
Marshall: I hate you.
Marshall: Twice! Twice in a row you took my candy! That was my candy!
Marshall: No, forget it. You're such a jackass!
Marshall: OK, but no magic. (He turns to Barney who disappeared). How did you do that?
Marshall: No way.
Marshall: Wait. Empty your pockets. Come on.
Marshall: Sleeves.
Marshall: Oh is that right?
Marshall: Behind my ear.
Marshall: Ohh!
Marshall: Oh, tell me about it. I'm a third year at Columbia Law, so... If the workload does kill you I can probably get a conviction. Yeah.
Marshall: Yes, it would. It really would.
Marshall: Probably not. I'm never here, so...
Marshall: Great. Nice.
Marshall: Oh, no.
Marshall: Whoo! I did it! I got a girl's phone number! Oh, and her handwriting is so cute. Look. I'll take her out for Chinese food and then we'll walk through the park. It'll be so... What?
Marshall: Gimme the card! I swear I'm gonna...
Marshall: You don't want to see me when I'm angry!
Marshall: Stop the cab! (Marshall gets out of the car)
Marshall: No, go away, I don't want to talk to you.
Marshall: There is no "would" in s*x. There totally is. I'm just no good at this Barney! I'm good at being in a couple. I'm good at being Lily's boyfriend. Being single, forget it.
Marshall: That's not possible.
Marshall: A twin isn't the same person.
Marshall: Fine.
Marshall: But you have to promise me you're not gonna steal my new twin and leave me with your old, used-up twin.
Marshall: Great. Amazing. This is so much fun. Me and the girl are really cliking.
Marshall: It is impossible that you're doing this to me again.
Marshall: You said to me that being single would be like being in a candy store.
Marshall: Ted's my best friend.
Marshall: Lily. What are you doing here?
Marshall: Lily, this was the worst summer of my life.
Marshall: It was the hardest thing I've ever had to go through.
Marshall: All that crap you said to me about "we need to figure out who we are outside of us, and we need to learn to do things on our own.". It broke my heart. Three months ago, you broke my heart.
Marshall: Lily, you were right. All that crap was right. So, no. No, we can't get back together. We shouldn't. At least, not right now.
Marshall: Yeah. Yeah. I think so. I don't know. This is all really new to me. I just got out of a long relationship. I like your hair.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Actually, there's maybe something you can do for me. But you can never ever ask me why.
Marshall: A symbol of strength and constancy, the stone lion of The Arcadian has watched over New Yorkers for generations. So remember: if the lion head stonework is regal, then tearing it down should be illegal. Well. Did you like that? All right, uh... We must make sure the lion is always there. Destroy The Arcadian? Oh, no, don't you dare. Yeah? Yeah? Okay. Try this one on for size... If you want New York's history at your beck and call...
Marshall: I just have...
Marshall: Wrecking ball. Don't go swinging no wrecking ball.
Marshall: Thank you.
Marshall: I'm sorry, I should have been more clear.
Marshall: Nice.
Marshall: Oh, we've got the big LPC meeting in two days. I have my whole presentation worked out. I just need to find a good rhyme to end on.
Marshall: If you end an argument with a rhyme, it's convincing all the time.
Marshall: And she hasn't since.
Marshall: Nailed it.
Marshall: And he's been doing it for years.
Marshall: He has a lot of keys.
Marshall: Better get used to that lion head. As of tomorrow, it's gonna be there till the end of times. And all because of my sweet, sweet rhymes.
Marshall: We should absolutely totally buy a bar!
Marshall: Oh, oh, and ready? It's a theme bar. It's a courtroom.
Marshall: I'll allow it!
Marshall: I don't know, homegirl is pretty diabolical. If there is a plan that'll get us out of this, it's somewhere inside this butter churn. She'll think of it. I'm just gonna sit here... and watch it happen. (Lily starts to jiggle) And she's got it! Lily, what's the plan?
Marshall: Minne-Cider! Get it?
Marshall: Actually, no!
Marshall: I will not get it.
Marshall: Lily not want me to take a taxi to the airport just to get a taxi in the opposite direction.
Marshall: It was fun when we were younger, but we exceeded it. When mature, the relationship matures with us.
Marshall: Yeah, I heard you moan from below.
Marshall: As I said, when you grow up, our relationship matures with us.
Marshall: I'm going to the airport. How could I be so stupid? Of course it takes me back a pack!
Marshall: Where is my beer?
Marshall: A pack and a size that suits me. Come on, new Lily.
Marshall: I can jump as far.
Marshall: It's just something Lily read in "Psychology." It's good, she read in "Cosmo". Okay, I read in "Cosmo". Well, it was in "Cosmo Girl". Drive, OK?
Marshall: It's more than that, OK? This is our little rituals. You know what we did when I got home?
Marshall: They told what they had eaten at noon.
Marshall: Two eggs, a cheese pizza and steamed vegetables.
Marshall: They f*ck like rabbits.
Marshall: Do we get a room to pull all this out? It seemed like a good compromise, although I have to work my positions. I love you too.
Marshall: Now, when she calls, I let the answering machine.The answering machine!
Marshall: What I miss most is the kiss of midnight New Year
Marshall: Maybe you think it's stupid because you've never had a relationship that lasts long enough for that.
Marshall: You know nothing of love. You're like a robot that someone would cry and say that... "Why this human leaking?"
Marshall: My robot was... a thousand times better.
Marshall: A snowplow arrives. We must leave.
Marshall: You know what will happen?
Marshall: We'll be buried under the snow, that's what will happen.
Marshall: Robin, I'm sorry. You're not a robot. If you are, you are a very advanced model, and the human race has no chance. You did not choose to show your love through rituals tacky, and that's good. But maybe we did that because we have always done and we know no other way. What I know is that if there sitting alone at the airport, I have to go get her.These are the rules.
Marshall: I know not how you thought I draguais you, but...
Marshall: Where is she?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: She would have called me and...
Marshall: It not return until Thursday. It was all the way here and not return until Thursday. I feel stupid. Listen, they say nothing to Lily about everything, OK? Especially the part where thou dredges.
Marshall: That's it.
Marshall: The whole thing was a sign. Let us end this ancient ritual. I will not get it.
Marshall: Dude, that was weird.
Marshall: Really.
Marshall: Yes, really.
Marshall: A muffin, a pastrami sandwich, and chips. I know that lunch is over, but I love you. I love you Lily, more and more each day. Happy New Year. That means I have to bring a band at the airport now?
Marshall: Damn.
Marshall: Food going in isn't the problem, it's what's coming out, or not coming out.
Marshall: I have a feeling at this point, Rip Taylor is Rip Taylor in a diaper.
Marshall: Hey, Robin, where's Barney?
Marshall: He said no?
Marshall: OK, I know that you've all dismissed this theory before, but is there any chance that Carl is a vampire?
Marshall: I'm serious. Think about it. He always wears black, we never see him in the daylight, only after dark.
Marshall: You OK?
Marshall: I don't know. Girl of your dreams dating a billionaire.
Marshall: OK, think about this, is there even a single item on the menu that has garlic in it?
Marshall: OK, well, I'll get back to you.
Marshall: Doo-doo.
Marshall: Interesting
Marshall: Oooh, more interesting.
Marshall: Ted, he's right. You overthink. Maybe you should overdrink.
Marshall: You really don't remember, Superbrain?
Marshall: (laughing) I love drunk Ted.
Marshall: Oh. (Marshall puts index finger on his nose)
Marshall: Oh, bad idea.
Marshall: (pointing to Lily) Say what?!
Marshall: Wow, right, that's why we don't do shots.
Marshall: Cheap Trick? Oh Ted.
Marshall: And we love you, drunk Ted.
Marshall: And a pineapple.
Marshall: How did you get in here anyway? We put Ted to bed around one.
Marshall: Love you too, buddy.
Marshall: And a pineapple. Am I the only one who's curious about the pineapple?
Marshall: Dude, call it. Hold on, I'm gonna make some popcorn.
Marshall: OK, you can call now. God, this is intense, I love it.
Marshall: Did you guys?
Marshall: Maybe it's not such a bad idea to think about this one. You and Robin went down this road before, you got dinged up pretty bad.
Marshall: Good luck buddy.
Marshall: Ask her about the pineapple.
Marshall: Dammit, Trudy, what about the pineapple? Sorry.
Marshall: I love to snack.
Marshall: Yeah. You don't want to bail early, man. You could become The Blitz.
Marshall: Yeah. Remember how last week we fired up a sandwich, and we listened to Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon while watching The Wizard of Oz?
Marshall: We'll see what happens.
Marshall: Completely naked!
Marshall: And the movie was awesome.
Marshall: Free beer for everyone!
Marshall: You know what? Ted, go ahead-- leave early to do something lame. Just don't blame us if you become... The Blitz.
Marshall: Barney, I know that Ted doesn't like that girl, but that's a little extreme.
Marshall: Okay, awesome. Well, Lily doesn't let me do truths. So, dare.
Marshall: Best idea ever!
Marshall: Worst idea ever! My junk ended up in some stranger's pocket. If there phone was on vibrate, I basically dry-humped them.
Marshall: I'm afraid you are, Ted. You see, when you left last night, you changed the course of Blitztory.
Marshall: Hey, just so you guys know, there was a tiny explosion at the sewage treatment plant across the street from our apartment, but I'm sure it's fine by now.
Marshall: Guys? Wait a minute. Where's Barney?
Marshall: You missed it.
Marshall: Life moves pretty fast, Barney. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you might miss it.
Marshall: Oh, God, that is disgusting!
Marshall: No... no, Ted. Random number guy just sent me his wang back.
Marshall: Dude, you walked out of the room, the laws of physics stopped and the laws of awesome tripled.
Marshall: Dude, The Blitz isn't something that can be bought or sold.
Marshall: Oh, look. We got an answer. Here it is. "Yes, enemies can become friends. "Remember what Gandhi said. 'Be the change you want to see in the world.'"
Marshall: Wait... Where's Barney?
Marshall: Ooh. Oh. Great idea. All right. Okay. Here we go. One, two, three.
Marshall: I can not believe you're kicked out of laser tag. Are you gonna do?
Marshall:... two, one, chug!
Marshall: I'm too old for this stuff.
Marshall: I'm too old for this stuff.
Marshall: "Riggs. "I'm too old for this stuff. In fact, it's Lethal Weapon?
Marshall: I gotta go.
Marshall: My God! Orange wedges. That's nice. What are you doing here?
Marshall: The children, who wants to stop earlier and eat orange slices?
Marshall: Yeah? No way! Oranges, it's for the winners, and you little sh1ts, you have not yet put one basket! Shame on you, shame on you Miss Aldrin, and worse, necks make me ashamed! Enough! Suicide, on the line! And make it snappy!Here we go.
Marshall: It is not stop! You know, it's funny, I came to teach them... Do not stop running! All this time, it is they who have taught me things. (He throws the basketball on a kid) you not being there! You fall!
Marshall: I will not attack, Lily. I attack this pervasive culture of failure. I have to toughen them if you want to win the match tomorrow.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: You not count... What interest not to do? How do you know... Lily, what were you doing with the team before I arrive?
Marshall: The point of playing is to win the trophy. And if you do not know who wins, wins the trophy?
Marshall: Everything that's Chinese to me.
Marshall: Sure. I learned that way.
Marshall: Come on, Dad. I'm tired.
Marshall: I'm trying.
Marshall: With my father, no mercy and I did not ask. I really need to call this guy. Continue stretching!
Marshall: Errors? Lily, result. The guy was successful. He taught me to be a winner. This is what I teach these kids. And besides, this is what I will do with our children.
Marshall: There are different...
Marshall: Yes, ma'am. What is ironic is that...
Marshall: I know I was a little hard on you, the last two days.And I apologize. Today, we will not think of victory. We'll go there and... have fun.
Marshall: Let them score easily. Now you're sitting. Great.Addison is not football. Do not shoot! Unless you find it funny, in this case, have fun though. It was not a foul, referee?
Marshall: No tone, Kenny. Good job. Thank you very much.See you later.
Marshall: Good job, guys. At least, there are no points, eh? No idea of the score. It could be 53-0. It could be something else.It's 53-0.
Marshall: You do not do anything wrong. It's great that you lost, because in life, no matter the effort you make, or how much you try, people give you things. Since graduation, jobs, promotions. No matter what you do on the ground, as... As you're having fun.
Marshall: I take it anymore! Your coaching is crazy!
Marshall: I'm sorry. But is what I can do it my way?
Marshall: There is a werewolf on the ground! It can not be legit.
Marshall: It was not a market, right? You're killing me! You kill me outright!
Marshall: I beg you to put me in one.
Marshall: I love it. I worked hard. It's nice to be appreciated at its true value.
Marshall: Your way is perhaps not completely stupid.
Marshall: Ted, how are things going with Victoria?
Marshall: Yeah, you see, guys, we were really struggling with this decision.
Marshall: And then I thought what do you do if you got a wife who won't stop crying, three idiots who won't stop bribing you, and a universally beloved skill for gamesmanship?
Marshall: Ooh.
Marshall: Okay, Robin, what would you do, and remember, "President of the World called parents away for a super-secret space mission" has already been taken.
Marshall: First heartbreak!
Marshall: Lily?
Marshall: Well, I received another.
Marshall: Well done 'man, right on target this time. I really needed the right arm of Himan, and this old book of Mad Libs.Pet went to fart to fart loud. This is good. Thank you 'man.
Marshall: What are you waiting for? Ted, run!
Marshall: Come on, tell me that happened to you on time?
Marshall: Lily.
Marshall: We went to college together, she's great. Everybody liked him.
Marshall: It was the perfect girl next door.
Marshall: This is my overalls. I wore this little baby, during high school.
Marshall: It was not necessary.
Marshall: I think that emergencies are taking applications like that.
Marshall: Target secure?
Marshall: Wow, weird, pulled out all the toilets at the same time.
Marshall: Look at that, our table.
Marshall: Oh my God, I had totally forgotten that.
Marshall: A duty that day of my 15 years. Write a letter to your future you with a list of things you hope to do. "Dear Future Me..."
Marshall: "... you better drive a camaro or a super van. This is priority numero uno. And your ponytail should happen to you at the knees. You can always dunk course and change your name to "Vanilla Thunder". Your wife, girlfriend, 1m80, a great body and take care of yourself. "
Marshall: Sorry darling.
Marshall: "You still wear overalls faded because it looks torn.And more importantly, you better save the world, and if you became a poor guy then throw yourself off a cliff, because you suck. And I "Licky boom boom down".
Marshall: Yes that's right, it's hilarious, I became a business poor guy. I work for GNB, the bank most unhealthy existence.
Marshall: I have to do something at work, it will not be long.
Marshall: Yeah, I thought so... so I got to do something on this list I will feel more so old so I... I came here to dunk.
Marshall: I just touches the bottom of the net. You know my legs are so bad that I have a hard time getting approved.
Marshall: remote!
Marshall: Sure baby. Why we would not do that here?
Marshall: Dear Marshall 60 years... Now you would work in a place that contributes to a better world. Or at least you try. No pressure man! I mean, sir. So... If time travel is possible, could you give me a little sign? Tuesday, December 8 at 8:29 p.m.....
Marshall: Old Marshall, as long as you're married to Lily you'll be fine.
Marshall: We're so happy for you!
Marshall:... marriage...
Marshall: Wait, Ted. And your speech?
Marshall: Ted, Ted, what are you doing? It is the marriage of your mother!
Marshall: Hey, man, you would not possibly let someone who does not like a kind of mania old driving license?
Marshall: Try not to laugh with you that, man.
Marshall: Look out, man.
Marshall: Okay, well. Ted let alone a little, right?
Marshall: Okay? We all did stupid stuff in our lives. For example, I remember once when I put the rocket in the bathroom and tried to put them to dry in the microwave.
Marshall: Oh, my God, guys! Great new game: "Drunk or child? "I was what? Guess.
Marshall: Drum roll, please. I was... Drunk!
Marshall: Okay! Well! Well, just remember that we all did stupid stuff in our lives, okay? For example, once I tried to cycle on an extension ladder to a roof of a two-story house. The only question is I was a kid or drunk? Drum roll, please.
Marshall: I was...
Marshall: A kid! Mom, are you? You always make a fuss about nothing.
Marshall: Hmm... sausage party?
Marshall: Exactly. Now, I currently drive the car of my brother in the opposite direction on I-94. Now that was a big mistake. I was... a kid.
Marshall: I know this is our second hot date but, Lily Aldrin, I will marry you.
Marshall: You're always a little too far.
Marshall: He said he had found a tramp?
Marshall: Again?! One too many!
Marshall: Hey, man.
Marshall: Robin told me. Happy Housewarming!
Marshall: I know what you said. I also know my best friend, Ted Mosby. Listen... for all time, all the years I have told you... "Slow! Not go too fast with this girl! "You've not heard a single f*cking time. Your heart is both drunk and child.
Marshall: That's what I do.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Big board equals big luck!
Marshall: Hello. Uh, I'm looking for my wife, Ms.Aldrin.
Marshall: Of course. How could I forget?
Marshall: Big luck!
Marshall: We found it. No big deal. Anyway, every year, Ted and I go in together on this big money pool out in Staten Island.
Marshall: And you get to keep the duffel bag.
Marshall: Pet store?
Marshall: You're a millionaire art thief casing the joint for a thrill money can no longer give you!
Marshall: I have one. It's called my marriage license.
Marshall: It's "Dead wife's kidney." How are we even discussing this?
Marshall: Lost at sea!
Marshall: Lost at sea!
Marshall: Evil twin!
Marshall: I'm tired and sad.
Marshall: I don't know what to do with my hands. What do I normally do with my hands? (Barney joins them at the booth) Barney. I brought a copy of the bracket. Which one is she?
Marshall: Not even on bracket. Cinderella story comes out of nowhere to win the whole thing. That'll warm your heart.
Marshall: I wish your eyeballs would explode.
Marshall: I hate you more.
Marshall: Good to see you.
Marshall: Lily calling off the wedding and dumping me?
Marshall: Actually, we're cool. We just divided up CDs. It was all very civil. I'm proud of us. Wwe're, we're good.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Why would it?
Marshall: Um, not for me. Now it's just like we're friends. It's like we're brother and sister.
Marshall: No, I'm fine. It's just... This roll is really spicy.
Marshall: Lily is evil! She just wore that dress to torture me. Well, you know what? Two can play at that game. See, at brunch, I'm going to torture Lily right back. Yeah. There's a part of my body that she's got a weakness for, too.
Marshall: No, not that. I'm going to unleash my calves.
Marshall: Well, yeah, I'd say that, too, if I had those skinny little chicken legs.
Marshall: Hello.
Marshall: Oh, no, I actually feel great. It is kind of warm in here, though, isn't it?
Marshall: Oh, nothing. Nothing at all. I'm just making myself feel a little bit more... comfortable. (He starts massaging his calve) Oh. Oh, yes. I've been doing all these toe lifts lately, and so... My calves have really been cramping up.
Marshall: Take off your dress.
Marshall: Yeah, me neither. It kind of complicates things, doesn't it?
Marshall: Well, why did you have to throw your beautiful boobs at me? You know you have... boobs.
Marshall: Seduce you? You seduced me.
Marshall: You went to San Francisco for three months.
Marshall: Well, it's not but I'm still mad about it.
Marshall: Oh, well, that's too bad. I'm keeping it! And you know the U2 box set I gave you? Look inside - all Dave Matthews.
Marshall: All right, that's it, I'm out of here. In a minute.
Marshall: I know how important it is to you.
Marshall: Maybe less.
Marshall: Excuse me. Sorry. Didn't know that there was a line.
Marshall: I wish your eyeballs would explode.
Marshall: Lily... I'm sorry that I said all those things.
Marshall: I just find it really confusing to be around you right now.
Marshall: Yeah, I think you're right. Are you wearing a push-up bra?
Marshall: I withdraw the question.
Marshall: So you haven't told your dad that you're pregnant yet?
Marshall: Anyway, Dad, Ted and Barney's New Year's Eve wasn't off to a great start, either.
Marshall: Are you kidding me?
Marshall: And that's when the night turned to absolute crap.
Marshall: And so Puzzles got a bouncer,
Marshall: Mmm. Your dad?
Marshall: Improvements?!
Marshall: Bro, we are already the four jiggity-jamminest dudes and dudettes this side of... Okay, let's see the cards.
Marshall: Gross!
Marshall: Playwright. We're all writers, just some of us don't know what our story is yet.
Marshall: Um, those places shut down a long time ago.
Marshall: Oh, No shut down, too.
Marshall: That's wrong. That's not Wrong.
Marshall: So Closed is open.
Marshall: Guys, just pick a club, okay?
Marshall: For the record, I was in there once by accident. I'm pretty sure it's pronounced Lamé.
Marshall: Wow. A lot of these girls are young enough to be our daughters.
Marshall: And so bourgeois. Many of plays are about the bourgeois. And ennui. And one rock opera about... a frozen yogurt shop.
Marshall: I sleep around, too. Just as much. A little more, even.
Marshall: Are we having this fight again? Writing plays is a real job!
Marshall: I won a Tony!
Marshall: What?
Marshall: So you really believe that if we were in an open marriage that you would do better than me?
Marshall: Hello.
Marshall: Hi, Robin. Could I have your phone number?
Marshall: And I won that race.
Marshall: Okay, so you have to have s*x with one. Either classic mermaid; bottom half fish, top half human, or inverted mermaid, top half fish, bottom half human. Go!
Marshall: Yeah, but it's a fish, so it's the good kind of fat.
Marshall: You took one two seconds before you walked in here.
Marshall: Hey, Lily's friend asked her to be in this play, and it's gonna be really good.
Marshall: She hates that word.
Marshall: I'm don't think Ted was dating her for her face.
Marshall: Nice, right?
Marshall: Ted. Ted? Ted?
Marshall: They were insanely comfortable! They were like pajamas you could wear outside.
Marshall: Creamsicle and turkey gravy, not at the same time.
Marshall: I've got to side with Ted. Just 'cause you still have something an ex girlfriend gave you doesn't mean you're holding onto her.
Marshall: No, you're not. You have to stay.
Marshall: Oh, my God. Ted's part of the play.
Marshall: Oh, baby, that was wonderful!
Marshall: Barney!
Marshall: She's not getting rid of the dogs.
Marshall: I miss Jebediah.
Marshall: Are you sure you're gonna be okay? I mean, you know that this is gonna be...
Marshall: I never get picked for audience participation.
Marshall: That's two.
Marshall: He sounds pissed.
Marshall: I can't believe this moment's finally here. One more mile and my little boy turns 200,000.
Marshall: Yeah, he does. Hey, light up those cigars in the glove compartment. They're real Cubans. I got 'em in Chinatown last year just for this moment.
Marshall: What? No. Oh. No. No, no, no. No, there's only.8 miles to go. Come on, buddy. Buddy!
Marshall: Hey. It's very important to both Lily and me that there be a handmade origami crane in each of our wedding's... I couldn't even get through it. Thank God.
Marshall: She's still in triage.
Marshall: My brothers handed it down to me when I was 16.
Marshall: Not really.
Marshall: Come on! I already shaved my legs and swallowed five dollars in quarters. Only $4.50 has come out.
Marshall: That's it?
Marshall: Agreed. Totally agreed.
Marshall: I'm aware of that.
Marshall: No... Look, can I just have my coffee, please?
Marshall: It is not insane.
Marshall: Ah, the Fiero-asco.
Marshall: The Fiero-asco?
Marshall: I thought Ted was a little bit pretentious.
Marshall: Hey (Marshall throws a sandwich in the trash but misses it) I'm driving my Fiero back over break. I know we see enough of each other as it is, but if you want a ride, I could use the gas money. You live in Ohio, right? I could swing through and pick you up.
Marshall: All right, well, call me if you change your mind. My odometer's going to hit 100K.
Marshall: I hear you.
Marshall: Yeah. Dude, we're college freshmen. I'm not going to get tied down by the first chick I hook up with. Lily's cool, but this bird you'll never chain, you know?
Marshall: Oh, it's the best song in the world. It's the only song I like. Just kidding. Tape's been stuck in the player for, like, two years. Better than nothing, though.
Marshall: Don't worry. It comes around again.
Marshall: Yeah, we totally nailed the ending.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Zitch dog.
Marshall: Zitch dog.
Marshall: 12-nothing.
Marshall: Zitch dog, blue Suburban.
Marshall: 18-nothing.
Marshall: Where the hell are we?!
Marshall: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on. I think you skipped something.
Marshall: Doesn't seem like a smart idea.
Marshall: Then we got lost. Where the hell are we?! I'm pulling over.
Marshall: We're almost out of gas, and we might not even be on a road anymore.
Marshall: Nah, I threw them out.
Marshall: No food or drink in the Fiero.
Marshall: Pretty sure that my foot is frozen solid.
Marshall: Thanks, Ted. You're a good friend. And if I die first, you just leave my body alone.
Marshall: Yeah, don't do any of that stuff to me; it skeeves me out.
Marshall: Wasn't an easy decision.
Marshall: It's perfectly rational.
Marshall: Okay. Dude... I hate to say this... but it's so cold... there's only one way that we're gonna make it through this night.(they're both in the back seat in each other arms) We should've kept driving.
Marshall: No. No. We might die now. I may never see Lily again. I never told anybody this, but... I've known for a long time that I'm gonna marry that girl. If we survive this, someday I'm gonna marry her. I'm sorry about your spectacles.
Marshall: Yeah?
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Zitch dog!
Marshall: He said it would be at least 3,000 bucks to make it run again. And even then, there's no guarantee.
Marshall: I know that it's a lot of money, but it's my Fiero, you know? I'm about to graduate and take some sellout corporate law job, and without that Fiero, I'm just another guy in a suit.
Marshall: I've been through so much in that car. The suicidal cat.
Marshall: Hitchhiking Waldo. (a guy is sitting between Barney and Marshall in the car)The homeless guy who broke in through the window and threw up all over the backseat.
Marshall: Guys, what are you talking about?
Marshall: The broken windows?
Marshall: Why did you break two of them?
Marshall: Can't believe this whole time it was you guys. I've been blaming really tanned dancing leotard guy.
Marshall: I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
Marshall: Guys. This Fiero's meant a lot to all of us. Friendships were made. Adventures had. Horrors faced. That's why we have to get rid of it.
Marshall: It's lived a great life and it deserves to die with dignity.Ted: But 200,000...
Marshall: But that's life. You know? You never end up where you thought you wanted to be. I'm not helping the environment. Ted's not a philosopher. Lily's not not a world-famous artist. Barney's never driven more than ten miles an hour. Robin, I'm sure, has also experience disappointment in her life. Maybe? And my Fiero's not a Fiero that went 200,000 miles. It's okay. You know? Those are old dreams. We'll get a new car and we'll fill that one up with new memories. And that'll be the car we had when we were first married. When we owned our first house. Maybe even the first car our four kids remember.
Marshall: I would like to say good-bye. Marshall is in the car and the other are around it. Marshall taps the dashboard and the cassette goes out.
Marshall: Affected.
Marshall: Just making sure. Got us all a lot of places. I mean maybe it's time we return the favor. This Fiero should have made it to 200,000. So, let's get it out that door. And we'll push it the last.7 miles. It'd do the same for us. Marshall puts the cassette back in and they all start to push.
Marshall: Close enough!
Marshall: Arrivederci, Fiero! You were the freaking giving tree of cars.Lily: May you rust in peace.
Marshall: Bro. Have you heard this new song? I just got the cassingle.
Marshall: I am never going to get sick of this song. Never, ever, never, never, ever. Yeah!
Marshall: Van Smoot is available.
Marshall: There was a cancellation two months from now.
Marshall: It's Van Smoot, Lily. It's the dream!
Marshall: Okay, look, look, look. I know that it's sudden, but check it. If we don't take this, guess who's on their way with a deposit check.
Marshall: We got to make a decision. Todd and Valerie are in motion. Van Smoot!
Marshall: Come on, come on, come on.
Marshall: Todd. Valerie. Stairs.
Marshall: It is on. It is on! Like the former Soviet Republic of Azerbaijan.
Marshall: You're a wonder.
Marshall: Wow. That was really awkward, Lil. And still. It's still really awkward right now.
Marshall: Shh! Shh! Look how cute she looks. All tuckered out. Hey, babe. Hey, little one. Hey, Lilypad.
Marshall: Shh! Shh! Baby, don't worry about it. I called The 88!
Marshall: The 88. They're this awesome band. They played my law review party. They were found guilty. On three counts of rocking.
Marshall: Baby, The 88 don't audition. They're, like, the Wiggles of wedding bands.
Marshall: Baby, they're only holding the date until Monday.
Marshall: Let me check their Website.
Marshall: It looks like The 88 are playing at a high school prom in New Jersey tomorrow.
Marshall: Yeah, we'll just call the high school, they'll let us stand in the back and watch.
Marshall: Why not?
Marshall: We're not sneaking in to a high school prom.
Marshall: Sounds awesome. We should go out and just get freakin' weird.
Marshall: 'Cause, you know, you be a bad, bad man, and I be an outlaw.
Marshall: They grow up into skanks so fast, don't they, Ted?
Marshall: Yeah. Just one thing we got to do first.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: And then I promised Lily that we'd stuff 200 wedding invitations.
Marshall: I'm sorry, dude, but you saw how stressed out she is.
Marshall: Okay, it'll be cool-- I'll tell you what. We'll make a game out of it. First one to stuff a hundred invitations gets a big prize.
Marshall: You know it.
Marshall: That's cool.
Marshall: Okay, Ted. (His phone starts rigging) Hello.
Marshall: Hang on. It's Robin. She wants me to go to prom. Can Ted come?
Marshall: Okay, bye. She totally wants you to come.
Marshall: What's it to you, giant turtle?
Marshall: Oh, hey. Where's Lily?
Marshall: Wait here, I should go talk to the band.
Marshall: Hey, bro, have you seen my fiancée Lily?
Marshall: Listen, little buddy, I understand it's prom and the adrenaline's pumping, but...
Marshall: Whoa, whoa. Look, let's not get carried away.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Violent Femmes. I love this song.
Marshall: I totally could have taken that kid.
Marshall: Well, I don't need it, but thanks.
Marshall: No, the kid was totally, like, a white belt and I'm gigantic. Listen, guys, I'm sorry. Please, I just need to get in there for one more song.
Marshall: So you got to admit, The 88 are rocking our song.
Marshall: Band? Check. Two months, baby. Two months.
Marshall: TEN SECONDS!!
Marshall: That was some pretty grownup stuff we did this morning.
Marshall: I like wine. I like tasting. You know I can party, let's do it. Let's rock it, maturity style!
Marshall: Alright, well, have fun at your little disco, guys.
Marshall: Yeah, it's going to be sweet, too. Like tonight we're tasting all these different wines, pairing them up with these cool gourmet cheeses...
Marshall: Ah, no I think we're going to wait on the baby thing. I mean I love babies. Babies rule. Pudgy arms and stuff, but they make you old. Kind of like this anchor weighing you down to one spot...forever.
Marshall: I don't know guys. It's not awkward unless we let it be awkward.
Marshall: You think it was kind of weird that Ted didn't invite me out with him?
Marshall: Is this what you want? (Imitating Chris) Thirty year fixed mortgage. (Imitating Claire) I'm three months pregnant. (You see Claire behind him) That was awkward. (Claire turns around and leaves)
Marshall: Freaking ten ends.
Marshall: You know what they're doing in there right now? They're watching Claire's ultrasound video and I swear to god even the baby looks bored.
Marshall: You're also trying to get me excited about fondue?
Marshall: Okay, that does sound good. But it's dipping stuff in hot cheese with boring people.
Marshall: Taxi!
Marshall: Hey, Robin.
Marshall: Why aren't you inside?
Marshall: Oh, I had this move. So I came here to bust it. Can you get me in? (Motions to doorman that he's with her)
Marshall: Thanks, I'll see ya.
Marshall: Aah! Coat wench do not uncheck that man's jacket. Sorry, just being dramatic. You're not a wench.
Marshall: Lily? Pfft. Who cares right?
Marshall: Oh, I'm so dead.
Marshall: Aah! I put my ass and probably other parts of my body on the line to party with my bro. Now damn it, we're gonna party.
Marshall: Yes, finally I don't have to wait half an hour for a drink.
Marshall: (Subtitle) Yeah. No tannins.
Marshall: (Subtitle) AAAGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!! (Pulls out crown)
Marshall: (Subtitle) I'm staying. (Marshall dances ridiculously, in pain)
Marshall: Broke my tooth.
Marshall:...Do you have...
Marshall:...any aspirin?
Marshall: (Yelling) YOU KNOW DUDE, CAN I JUST SAY SOMETHING? IT KIND OF HURT THAT YOU GUYS DIDN'T INVITE ME OUT (Lily's asleep on his shoulder) I MEAN I KNOW THINGS HAVE CHANGED SINCE I GOT ENGAGED BUT IT WOULD'VE BEEN NICE TO BE ASKED.
Marshall: I KNOW, I KNOW. IT JUST SEEMS LIKE SUDDENLY WE'RE LIVING IN TWO DIFFERENT WORLDS. MAYBE YOU'VE GOT MORE IN COMMON WITH BARNEY.
Marshall: IT'S A PLAN! HEY MAYBE IT'LL BE THAT CUTE COAT CHECK GIRL!
Marshall: YOU KNOW, TED, I DON'T SAY THIS NEARLY ENOUGH BUT REALLY...
Marshall: They have to come out soon, it's Monday.
Marshall: Maybe they're not even in there.
Marshall: Thank you!
Marshall: Two days straight?!
Marshall: Come on, give us a number. Lily guessed eight, but I know my boy got to double digits.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Her idea.
Marshall: I can't believe she's making you wait a whole month. I would never put up with that.
Marshall: It's one of New York Magazine's "Top five romantic getaways on a budget." Who says sexual can't be sensible?
Marshall: Ready to go?
Marshall: Yeah. Waking up for breakfast at 7:00 A.M....Sharp.
Marshall: Awkward conversations with middle-aged couples trying to stave off divorce.
Marshall: And it's supposed to rain tonight.
Marshall: Maybe watch some TV.
Marshall: Oh, Sichuan Garden! Are we really bailing?
Marshall: Good, cause this thing's empty.
Marshall: Oh, I know. Can you imagine if we'd gone? We'd be just getting there now, all tired and cranky.
Marshall: Yeah, for 89 bucks a night, we're doing it. I would like to propose a toast. To the most awesomely mellow anniversary ever.
Marshall: They think we went away. Oh, it is on for my boy, Ted.
Marshall: They don't know that. All we have to do is hide out in here until Ted moves his mojo into the bedroom.
Marshall: Honey, Ted has been going out of his mind waiting for this. If we go out there and spoil the mood, it's not going to happen. Then one of us is going to have to have s*x with Ted, and... not going to be me.
Marshall: And they're not even high.
Marshall: Yeah, smooth but slowly. God, close the deal, already. It's been, like, 45 minutes... we could have had s*x three times by now.
Marshall: What up! Maybe we should just go out there.
Marshall: Fine. But if we're stuck in here... I'm turning up the volume. Shh. Shh.
Marshall: He's just staring into her eyes.
Marshall: Yeah... now we just make fun of people like that. It's the circle of life.
Marshall: Well, it's not fair to compare us to Ted and Victoria. This is their first time.
Marshall: Want to...
Marshall: Looks like they're about to have theirs.
Marshall: Yes!
Marshall: Yes!
Marshall: No. No, don't answer it!
Marshall: You're answering it? He's answering it!
Marshall: Shh...
Marshall: Maybe. But I think I just found it. Right here. Baby, I'm giving you sexy smoldering with just a hint of crazy eyes.
Marshall: It's all right. We can do this.
Marshall: You love that move. It's a classic Marshall.
Marshall: Well, we can't.
Marshall: What is it?
Marshall: This is bad.
Marshall: We've gone nine years without peeing in front of each other. You always think there'll be more time.
Marshall: How much longer do you think you can hold it?
Marshall: Oh, boy.
Marshall: Baby, why don't you just go? Tons of other couples have peed in front of each other.
Marshall: Well, you have farted in front of me.
Marshall: You always do.
Marshall: They can suck on each other's fingers for an hour, but there's no time to take two steps to the bedroom?
Marshall: I know.
Marshall: I love you, Lily.
Marshall: I feel the same. And yet, strangely different.
Marshall: You had to do it, sweetie... for Ted. And, hey, look, at least now we can stay in here as long as it takes.
Marshall: They must have heard that.
Marshall: Good. 'Cause I got to take a whiz.
Marshall: Well, we still have one frontier left. Still got the deuce.
Marshall: Well, it certainly was a first.
Marshall: Of course we do. And you know what, I actually feel closer to you now. I want to know you. Like, know your soul.
Marshall: This moment is fleeting because it's being chased by another moment.
Marshall: Or see your new poster rap.
Marshall: Amen, sister.
Marshall: I've been hooked. Lisa Walker. See the scene... In 1994, St. Cloud, Minnesota.
Marshall: So I was, like, thinking, Lisa, do, perhaps you want, like, go out with me?
Marshall: I understand.
Marshall: Okay. Wanna see my post of rap?
Marshall: So... Lisa Walker gave me false hope for months until one night I went to tell him how much I loved her. In song.
Marshall: She was not home yet so I waited. And expected. I woke up, covered with snow, after 4h. And then I saw them. The footprints of Lisa. She had passed right by me to the house.
Marshall: It was fine in the end. It freed me from its hook.
Marshall: "For now" you draw a picture of a future where everything will be magical, but in truth, it'll never happen.
Marshall: A little? Completely. The poor showed up at our wedding hope you recover.
Marshall: Wait. What?
Marshall: We certainly do not talk about that!
Marshall: I thought you was talking about a long-awaited means of transport, carrying such poor canteen.
Marshall: You're mounted on it? You did a tour?
Marshall: Really? In your place I would have rode this scooter all day to break it into two.
Marshall: So these poor women must still walk? Expect. Scooter works in your school?
Marshall: I feel bad for Scooter. It took this job just because he thinks he has a chance with you. You must ensure that he understands that it is wrong for it turns the page and gets a real work canteen. sh1t!
Marshall: "For now"? You got to the earnest Scooter? You must release your scooter hook.
Marshall: Why not tomorrow?
Marshall: I know you're having trouble dropping Scooter. I decided that you need training. And you say that the problem is his sad eyes? (He returns with a mini pig) Okay, shut up, woman. Now I want you to look this mini pig and you tell him it is impossible for you to be with him one day.
Marshall: Go! Be a man!
Marshall: You know, it's funny. I remember when you told me stuff like that.
Marshall: Not as much. Not as much.
Marshall: Come on, Lily. You must drop Scooter. Try it again.
Marshall: Act like a man!
Marshall: Finish him!
Marshall: Well done. Weird thing to say to a pig.
Marshall: So prove it. And... take me a pudding.
Marshall: Right now! I'm sorry but he is adorable.
Marshall: So far. Hang in there. I will not be eternal.
Marshall: No, you're not a real New Yorker until you've killed a cockroach with your bare hands.
Marshall: Woody Allen is eating at Gregor's, and Robin thinks that we should go see him.
Marshall: I can beat a bus or a cab or a train!
Marshall: Machines are overrated, and someone needs to take them down a peg.
Marshall: How?
Marshall: It's gonna be positive. Eriksen man are hella fertile. When Uncle Morris was 16, he got his girlfriend pregnant just by holding her hand too tight in the backseat of a car. Now I'm thinking my parents lied to me.
Marshall: Negative? Well, we know it's not me.
Marshall: Not with an Eriksen. Something must be wrong with you. Also, my mom hates you.
Marshall: What? No, you wouldn't. Somebody help me! Somebody help me!
Marshall: I'll show them. My body can outrun any motorized vehicle. I'm like John Henry when he beat the steam engine. All I need is a great folk song.
Marshall: Suck it, grand-butt!
Marshall: It's this awesome site where students can go say what they really think about their professors. Hey, you're probably on there.
Marshall: Hey, Christine.
Marshall: Whoa! This is crazy.
Marshall: The machines have won! he machines have won.
Marshall: I can't do it. I can't run that far. I can't outrace anything. I... I can't... I can't get my wife pregnant!
Marshall: My body has been letting me down, and I just wanted to prove that it could still do something, but it can't.
Marshall: Well, you should talk. You know, you're the one who's freaking out because you have one mediocre review and, like, 50 great ones.
Marshall: And you're designing a frickin' building. I mean, come on, dude.
Marshall: No. Lily, what the hell is the matter with you?
Marshall: Oh, baby, you were also going to run over Ted.
Marshall: Maybe for the same reason that I kept saying that I could run seven miles. I... I'm trying to be really, um, confident and positive about all this, but, baby, I'm really scared that we're not pregnant yet.
Marshall: I keep thinking there's something wrong with me.
Marshall: We are crazy.
Marshall: This is the last time it's ever going to be just the two of us. Shouldn't we be enjoying that?
Marshall: And take ballroom dancing.
Marshall: And see Coney Island. I've still never been. See, we have a whole bucket list of things to do before we start having kids.
Marshall: I'm... So glad we're trying, and I'm going to be really excited for when it happens, but this isn't a race.
Marshall: Ranjit, screw Gregor's. Let's go to Coney Island.
Marshall: If I were a chicken, I'd go cannibal for those bad boys. Just eat my own damn wing off. I don't care. I'm crazy like that.
Marshall: Oh, my gosh.
Marshall: No idea.
Marshall: Wait... tomorrow night at 6:00, that's the Super Bowl.
Marshall: Okay, that's great, but just to make sure it records, maybe we should bow our heads and say a quiet prayer to the TiVo gods.
Marshall: Amen.
Marshall: Dibs on the one Carl just told.
Marshall: Are these chicken wings or angel wings? God, I love these things.
Marshall: Calm down, buddy.
Marshall: Hey, Barney, I bet you 20 bucks that Casey misses this field goal.
Marshall: Make it like a dollar or something, you know. Who cares? No big deal.
Marshall: See, there you go, he made it. You win.
Marshall: Nothing, it's the halftime show.
Marshall: I can't believe you invited this girl we've only known for a few months to our sacred day. Now she's gonna be in all the pictures.
Marshall: Are you crazy? Maybe for $50.
Marshall: I'm in.
Marshall: Lily, how many times...? Nessie is a gentle creature. We're trying to stay away from terms like "Monster."
Marshall: Oh, hey, I'm Marshall.
Marshall: Yeah, I'm actually trying to hide out 'cause I don't want to know who won the Super Bowl.
Marshall: Oh, um, that's great, but I really don't want to know, so if you could just keep that to yourself.
Marshall: Excuse me?
Marshall: Are you serious?
Marshall: Come on, dude. You promised you'd stop if I ate all those crayons. Why are you doing this?
Marshall: Well, you can't have Miss Aldrin, she's mine.
Marshall: I did.
Marshall: I'm not talking to you.
Marshall: I'm not holding my breath.
Marshall: Oh, no. Somebody wet their pants.
Marshall: Oh, really? Who's everyone gonna believe? I'm a grownup third-year law student at Columbia and you're just a little pants wetter. So now I ask you a question: You want to be able to quietly sneak off to the restroom and dry off or am I gonna have something for show and tell today? Hey, everyone...
Marshall: I want my money back. And your pudding snack pack.
Marshall: Yeah, I didn't know and now I do know.
Marshall: Wings are still good.
Marshall: Hey, so check this out: I got extorted by a five-year-old today.
Marshall: Oh my God. Wow.
Marshall: Hi!
Marshall: The Yeti is not fictitious.
Marshall: How do you know he'll call?
Marshall: You really soiled the name of Jen Coulin.
Marshall: It's all I want to be.
Marshall: thank you.
Marshall: There is no such Bizarros who share everything.
Marshall: You know, Lily and I was looking for a new couple of friends since we lost Robin and Barney, and Ted and Stella and Ted and Robin, and Ted... Ted and Victoria, when do you arrive to keep one?
Marshall: And there, a tiny detail has surfaced, and it ruined the whole evening.
Marshall: It's crazy that last week, it happened the same with our toothbrushes.
Marshall: Do not tell! You're going to jinx him!
Marshall: Excuse me, Jen?
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: It's been years! You had to know, you lived with us.
Marshall: Oh my god!
Marshall: Hi. How is Barney?
Marshall: Yeah? Hard to believe.
Marshall: Apparently, this big merger last week went wrong, and Barney wears the hat.
Marshall: Even I who works with him, I just learned this afternoon when I walked past the office of his boss.
Marshall: I never thought about Barney so scared.
Marshall: I think he'll get fired.
Marshall: Yeah, they have a meeting Friday to see if he keeps his job or not.
Marshall: Ahh! Okay. You can lick my hand all you want, I will not let you ruin... Ouch!
Marshall: Guys, guys, look!
Marshall: It was pretty awesome. You should try it. I still have a few.
Marshall: You sure? Ok, do as you like. What time is it?
Marshall: 8:00? I have to go to hospital.
Marshall: Hey!
Marshall: Oh, my God, you've really pushed to the limit.
Marshall: What do you care? You said it was a big con.
Marshall: He's doing very well.
Marshall: He has no chance.
Marshall: There's going to happen!
Marshall: Lily, I'll buy my own toothbrush.
Marshall: This is Nick Swisher. It is part of the New York Yankees. No regular guy from New York can not compete with a Yankee.
Marshall: I was there. Damn, this guy could play.
Marshall: It's happening, look.
Marshall: A collection of snow globes?
Marshall: I'm sorry. But for what it's worth, this week was not a waste of time. We all had a horrible week, and you have helped us change a little air.
Marshall: We frightened a couple great just because we share a toothbrush.
Marshall: Wait a minute! Aldrin was seen. She tries to escape, she jumps, and... I thought she would not do that.
Marshall: She did! I believe that there is no jinx finally.
Marshall: Damn. Swisher is back in play Swisher is back in play!
Marshall: I'm sorry. Lily, Nick Swisher think it's cute.
Marshall: That's the guy, the official caps of no fault of Barney. I was going to make t-shirts, but you know, sizes, all that, and it would hurt me to think.
Marshall: May the heroic story of Barney to be remembered, and transmitted from generation to generation.
Marshall: Oh my God, guys, I still have a hangover. Did I really ruin a marriage?
Marshall: Ok, you know what, it's good. I'll be a father, and I want to be the kind of man that my child can watch. Therefore, new resolution... I will never drunk! I'm serious!
Marshall: I've done it again!
Marshall: Guys, this is Garrison Cootes.
Marshall: If I did not work, I could finish... in kind, a Taco Belle somewhere. And nobody wants that. Unless you want to do this, like this you would have free tacos, since you are my friends. But now I need you all calmiez! (He finally won) Hello.
Marshall: I love the work you do.
Marshall: No, I mean it.
Marshall: He's interested!
Marshall: It's fantastic, Mr Cootes!
Marshall: The crocodile you saw?
Marshall: Third base. Seriously, third base.
Marshall: Treat yourself my friend. Treat yourself. Oh no.
Marshall: Poor. This is very bad.
Marshall: Oh! Oh! Someone there mentioned generous donation? I'm Marshall Eriksen. But you can call me Biercules!
Marshall: Pete Durkenson.
Marshall: I wanted to join a club that I left three days later, because the clubs are stupid and elitist. And I also discovered that it was not a club.
Marshall: Pete, Pete. Hey!
Marshall: Hey, I tried to call you all night.
Marshall: It is Sunday.
Marshall: Ok, you know this old video of me?
Marshall: You have to take away the internet. Genre immediately.
Marshall: Yes, both are non-negotiable refusal.
Marshall: Who are you playing anyway?
Marshall: Pete, please. I am unemployed. I have a huge mortgage. A baby arriving. And I'm about to lose a job that I really need because of a drunken video of 15 years ago.
Marshall: There is no club.
Marshall: It's not that I want to be a troublemaker. Fair, I must be one. I'll be a dad. You have children one day, you will understand.
Marshall: Pete, please, remove the video.
Marshall: Oh no.
Marshall: Pete, please, I'm tired...
Marshall: I do not want to play Edward bottles money.
Marshall: I've done it again!
Marshall: Just to be clear, "I've done it again!"... Am not referring to my current state of inebriation.
Marshall: My name is Marshall Eriksen. I'm 33 and if my potential future employer, Garrison Cootes, look at this... Prostrate to Biercules!
Marshall: It had to happen eventually. I tried so hard to suppress my... "side-idiot-who-is-not-care-for nothing" he rebelled and has struggled!
Marshall: Who do I crazy? I'm not ready to be a father. I thought I was, but it's like... My father never did such things, you know?
Marshall: It's not bad. Also, for posterity, a statement drunk guy! I would not drink again.
Marshall: Carpet Biercules! Yeah!
Marshall: Hello?
Marshall: Yes, Mr Cootes. How are you?
Marshall: Sir, the fact is that...
Marshall: It's fantastic. Thank you, Mr Cootes.
Marshall: Oh, there was a snake in the swamp?
Marshall: I got the job.
Marshall: And I think my boss is already sexually harassing me. But he saw the video and he does not care!
Marshall: Yes. Hello?
Marshall: Yes, no, I know. Pete, we drank together yesterday.
Marshall: You know what? Let her.
Marshall: You know what? That's good. I want my children to see every part of me.
Marshall: I will remember Pete.
Marshall: It's a blessing and a curse really.
Marshall: Yeah, you gotta ask yourself, who's the boss?
Marshall: Thanks. Yeah, stools are better for your posture.
Marshall: Thank you. That's so sweet. You guys are being... so sweet.
Marshall: Okay, all right, so what, you guys found the painting, huh?
Marshall: How did you know that?
Marshall: Well, I just... don't think that some dude should drop trou just to pose for you.
Marshall: The frisbee dude with the soul patch? He's like the hottest guy in school!
Marshall: Oh, he's just huggable! And complicated... and a little bit of a jerk. Just enough so you think maybe you can change him.
Marshall: Call me old-fashioned, I just think that I'm the only guy you should see naked.
Marshall: Are you kidding me? What if somebody sees it?
Marshall: This painting has caused too much grief already. I'm destroying it right now.
Marshall: Where is it?
Marshall: You hung it up in the bar, didn't you?
Marshall: What'll I have? Um, I don't know, maybe a beer and that nude painting of me hanging behind the bar!
Marshall: I know that Barney gave you that painting.
Marshall: Whatever he's paying you, I'll pay you double.
Marshall: Whatever he's paying you, I'll give you that plus ten bucks.
Marshall: All right, you know what, Carl, you just lost yourself a regular customer.
Marshall: This painting is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
Marshall: I'm awake. Is everything okay?
Marshall: Baby, our honeymoon's already paid for. We're going to Howe Caverns.
Marshall: It's not just a cave, it's a whole labyrinth of caves. It's an underground adventure. There's a cave that's so dark that you don't even know you're in there. I mean, we're going to experience a whole new kind of dark.
Marshall: Loch Ness?
Marshall: Loch Ness. Nessy. Baby, I would love to search for the enchanted creature of the Emerald Loch, but... we can't afford that.
Marshall: We're going to Loch Ness!
Marshall: This isn't right. This isn't right at all.
Marshall: No! No, this is not right!
Marshall: Well, I'm going back on the deal. Barney, get out!
Marshall: It's over! (he closes the door at Barney's face). (Yelling) Lily, I can't let you go through with this! (whispering) I found a castle we can stay in, but it's an extra two grand. (Yelling) It's just not right! (whispering). It's beautiful and they say it's haunted.
Marshall:  We accept.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Guys, what's up?
Marshall: I know, and if this woman was almost as sexy as mine, so I admit, but it is not the case.
Marshall: I say what I see, and... I think until you're the most beautiful woman in the world.
Marshall: I repeat...
Marshall: Yeah, I'm gay. Gay for you.
Marshall: Yes... You will not like the answer.
Marshall: I think you should leave it, buddy.
Marshall: Sorry for my delay. I was stuck at work. I had this presentation on taxes on dividends.
Marshall: So, I started the Powerpoint... (rubs Barney costume at Marshall) Barney?
Marshall: We will order food.
Marshall: I can not. You're sexier than she.
Marshall: What do you...? Kind, you think she is sexier than me?
Marshall: You think so!
Marshall: I'm just, like, me, my friend, against it, its old.
Marshall: I guess you also think she is sexier than me.
Marshall: What would you say, against all your costume you were offered eternal youth?
Marshall: Eriksen residence, Marshall speaking.
Marshall: No. It's called manners, jerk. Now, what's-what's going on in New York? Give me something.
Marshall: Robin, I just want you to know, it's either this story you're telling me or another game of Clue against myself, so make it good.
Marshall: Interesting. Show your work.
Marshall: Oh, honey.
Marshall: Oh, honey.
Marshall: Oh, honey.
Marshall: Oh, honey.
Marshall: Mom, hang up!
Marshall: Go on.
Marshall: Oh, my God.
Marshall: Mom!
Marshall: Ted's in love with Zoey? But, but she's married. That boy needs an intervention.
Marshall: Marcus! This is a private conversation! So what'd the wuss do next?
Marshall: Oh, um, that's my other line. It's not a number I recognize.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Well, it would be. Good-bye. Eriksen residence, Marshall speaking.
Marshall: Barney. W- What number is this?
Marshall: Hey, uh, so Robin told me about this whole Ted and Zoey thing.
Marshall: Uh... Robin's version was...
Marshall: Okay, can we skip this part, please?
Marshall: Okay, that's been going on a while.
Marshall: Marcus!
Marshall: Wow. Zoey's in love with Ted.
Marshall: Sure. Hey, where's the...? No! Aah!
Marshall: So Ted's in love with Zoey and Zoey's in love with Ted? Well, that-that's not going to work. I got to call Ted.
Marshall: Listen, Ted, um, I got to tell you something about Zoey.
Marshall: Mom! Get off the phone!
Marshall: Marcus, hang up! Both of you, hang up! And we need ice cream. Go on.
Marshall: Oh. Hey, buddy, that's Lily. I should take that. But, uh, you're a good guy, Ted. Hey, baby.
Marshall: Ted's a son of a bitch! (cell phone chirps) Oh, nice. But, hey, um, baby, go easy on Ted, okay? He just, he just ended things with Zoey.
Marshall: Difficult stuff? What difficult stuff?
Marshall: Well, you did the right thing, baby.
Marshall: And that's Robin on the other line.
Marshall: Eriksen residence, Marshall speaking... Listen, Robin. I know. I apologize for my wife. She never should have...
Marshall: Me? You dragged me into this?!
Marshall: Oh, God, that's my other line. Oh, God, it's a 917 number, and I don't recognize it! I think it's Zoey!
Marshall: I can't not answer. It's impolite.
Marshall: I can't turn my back on politeness.
Marshall: Good manners are what separate us from those "elbows on the table" Wisconsinites.
Marshall: I'm sorry, Robin! Eriksen residence. Marshall speaking.
Marshall: Oh, honey. Oh! Honey! Zoey's cousin.
Marshall: Listen, um, about Barney...
Marshall: Hey, uh, listen, Honey, while I've got you, do you have any idea what kind of difficult stuff Zoey's been going through?
Marshall: I am her therapist.
Marshall: Uh, okay, listen, I think we've made great progress for today. I got to go. Bye. Mom! Marcus!
Marshall: So we got Ted and Zoey. Ted is in love with Zoey. Zoey has no idea. Then Zoey's cousin Honey went home with Barney, and Zoey was happy about it. Which tells us what?
Marshall: Zoey's in love with Ted and Ted doesn't know. So Ted and Zoey... they're in love with each other, which would be fine if Zoey wasn't married to Colonel Mustard. I mean, The Captain. Except now, as Honey informs me...
Marshall: Zoey and The Captain are getting divorced. Which means...?
Marshall: Give me that phone.
Marshall: They're kissing?! Yeah! (screams) They're kissing!
Marshall: You know, I've always wondered why those tweed jackets have elbow patches.
Marshall: (holding a tray)Gouda?
Marshall: So, should we just go ahead and lock the four of us in for new year's?
Marshall: Right. Sorry. We're getting ahead of ourselves. Let's talk Thanksgiving.
Marshall: Wait. But, wait, if you leave now, Colonel mustard just gets away with it.
Marshall: Tonight was fantastic. We should do it again.
Marshall: Great, 'cause I got that story about Sammy Hagar Anthe Belgian waffle locked and loaded.
Marshall: Right, but, uh, we'll play that one by... (showing his ears)
Marshall: Okay, you can be Robin's partner.
Marshall: Gouda?
Marshall: Best night ever!
Marshall: In Cabo, I saw Sammy Hagar eating a Belgian waffle!
Marshall: You guys are going to want to get in on thisgouda.
Marshall: Seriously, don't sleep on thegouda.
Marshall: Ooh...Tick-tock goes thegouda clock.
Marshall: I'm working on it, darling. Okay? Just stall them.
Marshall: Oh.
Marshall: Oh, we never joke about b&b's, especially at the height of syrup season.
Marshall: And then on Sunday, we're up at 6:00 a.m. for the fall foliage hike. Now, you better pack your long johns, 'cause it is cold up there.
Marshall: Yeah. You know, that's exactly what it sounds like. But if that's true, that's awesome.
Marshall: Let's go.
Marshall: You know what? I hope those underwater aliens are cold-blooded. 'cause then you guys will get along just fine.
Marshall: I can't believe they broke up with us.
Marshall: No, we're not. We're ugly and gross.
Marshall: I know! I know. We had thegouda. We had my waffle story. I even sent them a awesome photo montage. Nothing.
Marshall: Cat-sitting for Lily's mom, cat-sitting for Lily's mom, it's gonna be fun, it's gonna bring us all closer together. (in the video,Marshall let the cats going out by the window)
Marshall: Cat funeral, cat funeral, it was an accident and not entirely my fault, cat funeral, meow, meow, meow, meow, ca funeral, meow, meow, meow, meow. We'll miss you, whiskers, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow...
Marshall: If I recall, they didn't dump us until you brought up thatVermont trip. It was way too early. First, a boat ride around the city, then a trip toVermont. It's a rookie mistake, and you're better than that.
Marshall: One thing? (Lily nods) One thing? Wow. Really? So, I guess that gouda Just walked itself right through the door...Sliced itself up, and arranged itself in a perfect semi-circle around not three, not four... But five different kinds of sturdy, cheese-bearing crackers?
Marshall: (to a couple, inside the apartment) I swear, he was right there just eating a Belgian waffle!
Marshall: Oh!
Marshall: Hey! Hey, guys.
Marshall: Yeah, sorry.
Marshall: Mmm!
Marshall: Shea...Shea is just...
Marshall: Well, we don't want to jinx it, but, uh... We kind of think they might be the two. (he touches the table) Ooh.
Marshall: Oh, yeah!
Marshall: Oh, right back at you!
Marshall: You know what? We have two very nice people up in that apartment Who are perfect for us.
Marshall: I think we can change them.
Marshall: (worried) What have I done?
Marshall: Okay, that is so weird.
Marshall: I have a big interview coming up, and my suit has holes in it. I can't sew, I don't own Navy boxers, so, yeah, I'm coloring in my butt.
Marshall: I don't have another one. I'm flat broke. My only other suit options are track or birthday.
Marshall: Okay, it's the National Resource Defense Council, and it's my dream job. Except it's only an internship, and I won't be getting paid. Mostly getting people coffee. But the people I'm getting coffee for... their bosses are going to save the world.
Marshall: A tailor? Barney, I make negative $300 a week, and I need every negative penny of that for my wedding.
Marshall: No thanks, dude. (Barney grabs Marshall's pants and tears them apart) Noon?
Marshall: Hey, baby, how's the dress place?
Marshall: Um, everything here is dark and sketchy and seems illegal. It's like shopping in Barney's mind.
Marshall: Bye. Hey, Barney, I'm not sure about this. A tailor in the back room of a pet store?
Marshall: You speak Ukrainian?
Marshall: No. No, no, no. No way. You know who likes long distance? Girls. It's all talking and no s*x. Kill me now.
Marshall: Ted, do you remember in college when Lily did that summer art program in Paris?
Marshall: Well, she kept talking about this cheesy French guy, Gabriel. So, I went out to visit, and there was this party. And who shows up but Gabriel. And he's got this weak-ass, thin French moustache. I'm not much of a fighter, but I knew I could take this weird little dude. So, I took him aside, and I got all creepy quiet, I got the crazy eyes going, and I said, "You stay away from Lily, or I swear to God I'll eat that moustache right off of your ugly French face." Yeah. Yeah, he literally ran away. I think he was crying. I never told Lily about it. To be honest, I'm not very proud of it. To be even more honest, I am.
Marshall: Yeah, the point is that even though Lily is my soul mate, long distance still almost killed us. If you think that there's any chance that Victoria is your soul mate, you should ask her to stay.
Marshall: Oh, please. You barely know this girl. What's her favorite color? Is she a cat person or a dog person? Is she open to a three-way? Ted, I do more research than this before buying a cell phone. FYI, yes, I have three-way calling.
Marshall: Whoa. Hey, hey, it's my suit. Shouldn't I be the one to choose?
Marshall: God. I'm going to look hot.
Marshall: No way. The Kid does not sell out.
Marshall: No. I've made my decision.
Marshall: Everything here is dark and sketchy and seems illegal. It's like shopping in Barney's mind.
Marshall: Bye.
Marshall: God, that sucks, man. I'm so sorry.
Marshall: Well, thank you for acknowledging it. It was weird that you hadn't. Look, I understand that you guys had to break up eventually, but why today?
Marshall: Yeah, but she's still in town.
Marshall: Yeah, so you spend one more amazing day together. Ted, think about it this way: if you knew that you were going to lose your leg tomorrow, would you sit on the couch and cry about it, or would you run, and jump, and do some awesome air kicks while you still could?
Marshall: New pajama bottoms?
Marshall: Hey, babe. Dollar beer night, so I splurged and got us each our own.
Marshall: Oh, please... your company is not called Barney Corp.
Marshall: B... Barney, this says $4,000. I thought you said that it was one-third price.
Marshall: You set this up! You set this whole thing up!
Marshall: Well, it won't work. Even if I have to get two extra night jobs, I'll pay your precious tailor. I'm not selling my soul. Baby, I know that this will make things harder, but I will make it work, I promise.
Marshall: What time is the interview?
Marshall: It is so much fun.
Marshall: I love crushed nuts.
Marshall: Bottle for Marvin during takeoff.
Marshall: Yeah. Yeah.
Marshall: Hey, I've been down in the basement storage area going through all the stuff that Lily and I left behind when we moved out. I'm Robin. We should've cleared it out for you much sooner.
Marshall: Oh, you're not upset. Good. Baby, guess what I found.
Marshall: Until we found out that Lily was allergic to barrel resin
Marshall: No, I'm not... I'm not just going to throw her out, okay? Mabel's like family.
Marshall: I want to give her away, um, to a lucky new owner. Do you know anyone?
Marshall: Well, he's not going to have the chance, because I am putting old Mabel in the Bermuda Triangle.
Marshall: This is so exciting. Right now there's some out there who has no idea that tonight they're going home with just... just the best barrel.
Marshall: Bye, babe.
Marshall: I hope I'm not too late! I want to see the look of joy on the new owner's face!
Marshall: She's still there! Okay Mabel, let's find you a new home. Here comes a guy! And he... he just walked, walked right on by it. He's probably rushing home to get a handcart or something. Yeah! Hey, better hurry up, pal. What are you guys doing with Barney's secret Robin notebook? Let me rephrase that. Did you two ladies lose some weight?
Marshall: Well...
Marshall: They realized they couldn't talk about this stuff at the bar, and since you live with Ted, they had to find someplace safe. So... Ted's classroom.
Marshall: Well, he doesn't know that, baby! God!
Marshall: So why are you crying now?
Marshall: I was vulnerable, I said good-bye to a very dear friend today.
Marshall: Yes, advantage Ericksen.
Marshall: Fortnight. British words are so cool. Plus, did you know lawyers there get to wear wigs? I wear a wig to work, I'm a jackass.
Marshall: Can't go. Tournament.
Marshall: Yeah, which takes an hour and a half of waxing, tugging and teasing to achieve.
Marshall: Shekwakie.
Marshall: This is Wimbledon, Ted. I need the freedom and mobility that only underwear can provide. Cheerio.
Marshall: Kazouwee. Vanquished, old bean.
Marshall: I thought we were in for the evening.
Marshall: What's happening?
Marshall: No way, no way, no way. It's a tricycle.
Marshall: Wait wait wait, what belt?
Marshall: Oh, so it's a metaphorical belt, right?
Marshall: Why wasn't I told about the belt? I could go for the belt.
Marshall: If Lily were to die before me, then I could ride the tricycle.
Marshall: Scenario number 12. We're in a horrific car crash, you die, I'm left paralyzed. Two sexy nurses with a six-pack of wine coolers sneak into my room late at night. I try to blink at them in morse code, "Please, don't, I love my dead wife," but they're medical professionals and I gotta think somehow they're saving my life.
Marshall: I already did this morning.
Marshall: We're combing upsars? What does that mean?
Marshall: Where are my pants? Where's my pants!
Marshall: Yeah bro, up top.
Marshall: No, no way. The other day I saw a pigeon take a crap on it and the whole thing shifted.
Marshall: But Barney, you've done way dirtier stuff than Ted. You're disgusting.
Marshall: Tom Petty.
Marshall: Ted, you're ruining this for everyone.
Marshall: Why would you do that to yourself?
Marshall: Hey, did she call?
Marshall: Let me call you back. Honey, there's a situation developing. Do you remember the huge secret that you told me that you weren't supposed to but you did? The thing... about Robin?
Marshall: Wait. So I'm the only one that she didn't tell? She told you and not me?
Marshall: Well, I'm better friends with Ted than you are.
Marshall: It is not a lie.
Marshall: I'll show you things you never seen before! I used to box in the Army!
Marshall: Ted, I just saw the news and a truck carrying sulphuric acid overturned right in front of Robin's house. And it's melting through the sidewalk. You can see straight down into hell. It's bad. You should go home, dude.
Marshall: Ted, what does your mom always say?
Marshall: Nothing good ever happens after 2:00 a.m. Go home! It's too late for juice.
Marshall: He is so not going home. I cannot believe you just told him that.
Marshall: Lily, here's what you just said: "Ted, whatever you do, don't go up there. There's a beautiful girl who wants to have s*x with you. And then she's gonna make you some delicious juice."
Marshall: How much does Korean Elvis rock? I'll answer that. Infinity. He rocks... infinity.
Marshall: You never had a four-way.
Marshall: Sorry about that.
Marshall: I'll explain later. Hey, we're headed down to MacLaren's.
Marshall: Ted, I don't want to swear in front of Korean Elvis, but what the bleep are you doing, dude?
Marshall: Barney, you tried, I think that's great, but we're going.
Marshall: Yes!
Marshall: Oh, wow, you just got burned, phonics style.
Marshall: Hey, you guys remember the time that Lily kicked Korean Elvis in the Nards?
Marshall: So, have you guys landed on a name yet?
Marshall: Stuart, you are so... That's not gonna be us, right? I mean, how hard can it be to name a baby?
Marshall: Emily.
Marshall: Lisa?!
Marshall: Okay! I made a list of awesome baby names. Starting at the top: number one...
Marshall: Then I'm also crossing off, um, "Shaquille"... Mm-hmm. "Hakeem," and "Dikembe." Hey, what about "Rob"?
Marshall: Why not?
Marshall: um, how about "Ryan"?
Marshall: "Johnny?"
Marshall: "Jeremy."
Marshall: Well, I mean, geez, Lily.
Marshall: Why? What?
Marshall: Our DVR won't recognize it as a television program.
Marshall: No, it's not. It's fun. Here, watch this. Hey, Lily... Who's your daddy?
Marshall: No, she is not my daughter. I'm just her daddy.
Marshall: Oh.
Marshall: No. Not "Tara." Tara was the hottest girl in my high school. We were all, like, obsessed with her.
Marshall: We didn't just talk about her and fantasize about her... We wrote songs about her.
Marshall: Not "Tara."
Marshall: Oh. Oh. Hey, Barney. That prime rib was surprisingly good, but it's 10:30 in the morning. I don't need to see a lady get naked and dance.
Marshall: Then what does she do? Sweet mother nature!
Marshall: Not "Esther." I need a drink. Ted? Ted?
Marshall: Okay, honestly, I've never thought about having a girl. I don't want to think about having a girl. Tara, Esther -- can you imagine being one of those girls' dads?
Marshall: I have no idea how to raise a daughter! What if she makes bad choices? I mean, what if she winds up dating some... Oh, God.
Marshall: I don't want a girl. I just want a little boy.
Marshall: Hey, Mom. Hey, Dad.
Marshall:Oh, okay, um... You guys, you're a little too close to the camera. Can you back up a bit?
Marshall: Every time. Um, can you just sit in front of the computer like normal human beings? Perfect! Perfect.
Marshall: Um, to be honest, I'm getting a little freaked out about the idea of having a daughter. I know you two probably aren't the right people to talk to about this. You had all boys.
Marshall: I'm in a computer, Mom.
Marshall: Okay... No offense, Dad, but I doubt there's any scientific data to support--
Marshall: Mm, I just need two seconds, baby.
Marshall: No, um... I'll be right back.
Marshall: This is ridiculous. (He imagines his daughter, pregnant et in a wedding gown)
Marshall: Okay. (He dunks your man sack in a big old bowl of ice) Mm-hmm.
Marshall: Eriksen!
Marshall: (goofy voice) Let's make a baby!
Marshall: Loving the dirty talk-- but you know what's even hotter? If we face this-a-way. Ooh, we're bad.
Marshall: I... can ex... How do you know about the north thing? Um, um... And what are you doing with those lemons?
Marshall: You're trying to make us have a girl! You are trying to make us have a girl.
Marshall: Lily, how could you do... exactly the same thing I did? You're supposed to be the sane one.
Marshall: Oh, really. Well, then how come whenever there's a creepy kid in a horror movie it's always a little girl? Or twin girls, who speak... (eerily): in unison.
Marshall: Okay, A) He was a doll; B) He was possessed by an adult serial killer; and C) How could you bring up Chucky right before bed?
Marshall: Esther? That's beautiful.
Marshall: Baby, names and gender, it's just, like... it's some way of giving ourselves the illusion that we have any control whatsoever. I- I just want a healthy, happy, 12-pound--
Marshall: Ten-pound? Eight-pound?
Marshall: I love you. And I'm gonna love the crap out of whatever baby we have.
Marshall: You know what? We should just think of a name that's good for either a girl or a boy. Like, um...
Marshall: So, Blah, how did you two meet?
Marshall: Ay, Chihuahua.
Marshall: Starts with it too.
Marshall: Lily and I were both freshmen moving into
Marshall: I know, right?
Marshall: Dude, this black-haired Goth chick stopped by today, (singing) wanna tap that.
Marshall: I didn't realize Ted wasn't the dean until later that night.
Marshall: You're not the dean.
Marshall: Tell us what?
Marshall: I'm sorry, who are you again?
Marshall: I'm not gonna cheat on my girlfriend.
Marshall: You know what, I don't care. I've been with one woman for too long. I need me some strange.
Marshall: For like a week after, Barney followed me around, asking me to teach him how to live. I even got him to do my laundry once.
Marshall: Yeah, of course, what's wrong?
Marshall: Too-much-tongue guy? Yeah.
Marshall: Unreasonably-small-mouth-opening girl? Yeah.
Marshall: I don't think you need to be. I was at that party. It was dark, and granted, I had eaten quite a few sandwiches but I'm a hundred percent sure that unreasonably-small-mouth-opening girl was Alexa Leskies, it's not Lily.
Marshall: Look what I've confiscated from some kids.
Marshall: I know, right?
Marshall: Chew chew chew chew, swallow.
Marshall: It's all right, honey.
Marshall: Baby, can we grow sandwiches behind the garage?
Marshall: How can he dance here? He should be trying to smash the car with a club of Stella.
Marshall: Dude, you make some?
Marshall: We are concerned that you faced not what happened with Stella. Do you remember when Lily left me? How I buried my emotions?
Marshall: It... I... miss him so much.
Marshall: I should have been worse, OK? I should have my nerves, follow your advice and burn cases Lily.
Marshall: I have not done it, and that's why I took so long to get better. So Ted, I want you explode. Release your rage.Ready? Now!
Marshall: It leaves you on the altar, and it's you who're avoiding?
Marshall: It's that "one" small dicks?
Marshall: Oh, you laugh.
Marshall: She took to win.
Marshall: Will the yelling.
Marshall: Ted, this is ridiculous.
Marshall: We do not need. Stella is a party.
Marshall: It comes back. (They go back under the table) We all think that you need... Wait, where is Barney? (Barney is in the next table) We think you should talk to him.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: It's sad for your father, Robin, but congratulations for this game.
Marshall: Sorry.
Marshall: Well, well you do. You're going to confront it.
Marshall: You have to get angry. Go ahead. Looking good.
Marshall: Stella hated Star Wars. She lied to you. Seeking your feelings. You know it's true.
Marshall: No.
Marshall: The waiter asked him: "Do you want covered? "And she said:" I'm going home. "
Marshall: Finally. Finally, my friend.
Marshall: I know and I love it! It's great! Sir, we will pay gladly handle that has been broken. I love Ted angry!
Marshall: Lets get out, man, let out.
Marshall: Yes, Ted. Come on, buddy!
Marshall: What are you doing?
Marshall: Sure.
Marshall: It kills!
Marshall: You know what? That's okay. It'll be a slightly big outdoor wedding.
Marshall: How long is this list?
Marshall: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
Marshall: My hair! Look at my hair! She ruined my hair! I look like one of the Backstreet Boys!
Marshall: Guys! Guys! What am I gonna do?!
Marshall: Lily's cousin is in beauty school, and Lily didn't want her to do her hair, so she said she could do mine.
Marshall: So, um, just not-not too short, okay?
Marshall: Oh, okay, yeah, that's great. 'Cause, um, when it gets too short, it starts to look weird. And I don't want to look weird when I'm up there, you know.
Marshall: I don't think I need advice on how to be cool, but yeah, great, lay that on me.
Marshall: I can't get married like this! There's no way!
Marshall: Lily is gonna kill me! Look at me! She's not gonna want to marry me like this.
Marshall: Would you marry me?
Marshall: Oh, great. So now you're saying Lily and I shouldn't even get married?
Marshall: Yeah, yeah, but it's good. I ought to shave it all off. What a great solution. Just be bald 'cause it's cool, right? Bruce Willis, Michael Jordan, Britney Spears... Oh, God, what did I do?! How could you let me shave my head?!
Marshall: You're the worst best man ever! I hate you! I'm not going out there! I'm leaving and I'm never coming back.I'm gonna go find that money under the rock by the tree and go live with the guys on the beach in Zihautanejo.
Marshall: Only Red Andy was falsely accused. Ted, you're my best man! You got to do something!
Marshall: No!
Marshall: Actually, I think it kinda works.
Marshall: Barney?
Marshall: Okay, problem solved. Crisis averted. Let's get me married. It looks terrible, doesn't it?
Marshall: Oh, you know...
Marshall: What? What? Scooter's here? That guy's at my wedding?
Marshall: Okay, you know what? I need some air. I think we should go for a walk, okay?
Marshall: Oh, no.
Marshall: Lily, you're not supposed to see me.
Marshall: Just the frosted tips. I did the rest. I'm sorry, baby. I've ruined the whole wedding, haven't I?
Marshall: Yeah, I know. I heard.
Marshall: What? No "Property of Marshall" across the back? How are people going to know whose butt that is?
Marshall: I wish we could have that wedding.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: Could we even do that? I mean, what about all those people in there?
Marshall: What do you think, baby?
Marshall: Me, too. Let's do it. Let's get married before we get married.
Marshall: Hat. We thought of authentic Native American headdress before we thought of hat.
Marshall: Oh, no. I don't have my vows.
Marshall: Okay, I'll go first. Lily, there are a million reasons why I love you. You make me laugh and you take care of me when I'm sick. You're sweet, caring and you even created an egg dish and named it after me. She puts a little Italian dressing in scrambled eggs before she cooks them. It's called "Eggs Marshall," and it's awesome. But the main reason that I love you is that you're my best friend, Lily. You're, uh... you're the best friend I ever had. I'm sorry, buddy.
Marshall: I do.
Marshall: Did you smoke?
Marshall: How do you feel?
Marshall: So where do you want to do it for the first time as a married couple, nice hotel room or a reception hall bathroom?
Marshall: All right, guys, I have to go. I have a big meaningless stack of paperwork that I have to get off my desk to make room for tomorrow's big meaningless stack of paperwork. But it's all worth it, you know, 'cause at least I know I'm making the world a... place. All right, see you guys later.
Marshall: I can't sleep.
Marshall: Maybe after this documentary on garbage.
Marshall: I have to save the planet!
Marshall: Garbage Island. You haven't heard of Garbage Island? It's an island... made of garbage! It's in the Pacific Ocean. It's twice the size of Texas!
Marshall: Guys, I'm going environmental, okay? Phase one: the bar. I've already convinced MacLaren's to implement a new green initiative.
Marshall: You're welcome... Earth. Phase two: GNB. Tomorrow I'm going to make a presentation in front of the board about how we can cut our carbon footprint by half for only $12 million.
Marshall: Baby, baby, I really got to work on this presentation.
Marshall: Okay, why not: from now until tomorrow afternoon, I do this, and then tomorrow night, I do that.
Marshall: Lily!
Marshall: Oh, no, baby, come on. Today didn't go so well.
Marshall: The green initiative, for only $12 million, will change the way...
Marshall: Well, because we can always do more.
Marshall: Well, meeting Sting isn't gonna fix anything, Arthur!
Marshall: Meeker got fired because of me. I'm the bad guy.
Marshall: Hey, baby.
Marshall: What happened to the plastic rings that held the six-pack together?
Marshall: Baby, birds can get caught in those and then they dwown in a sea of wubbish! Weren't you listening? Don't you care about Garbage Island?
Marshall: Well, I do. I got to find those rings!
Marshall: I'm sorry, but neither of us are getting any action until I find those rings.
Marshall: He'll never get to see how I turn out.
Marshall: My dad. You know, I used to, um, I used to always tell him that I was gonna be an environmental lawyer. And he was always so proud of me for that. But he never got to see the version of me that was anything but a corporate stooge. And now it's too late. And we're starting a family, you know.
Marshall: Lily, if we have a baby right now, that is just it for me. The cement will dry, and I will be stuck at GNB forever.
Marshall: I don't know. So far, in the name of saving the planet, I've ruined your night, I practically broke Wendy's back and I got Meeker fired. The guy must hate me.
Marshall: Hey, Ted.
Marshall: Feliz cumpleanos, baby. The theme of this breakfast in bed is... "Spanish Interlude." (A musician enters the room and opens the curtain Marshall) How have we landed on the lyric rolling hills of northern Spain? Baby, it will be huge tonight. We five, dinner well dressed, and Ted brings your cognac cheesecake Pumpkin at Edgar. I'll go shopping super secret birthday. And I took him because I do not like the way he looks at you.
Marshall: Small bonus, I took pictures of me naked before packing. With a node.
Marshall: On the other device.
Marshall: Ted, you had to bring a cheesecake, but you've brought two shopping bags and a girl who knows not. My name is Marshall. Welcome. Ted talks.
Marshall: In honor of the 32nd anniversary of Lily, I expected a lot of great games, beginning with... "Lil-ial Pursuit." Who has the number 1?
Marshall: Sure. Okay, this is Amanda begins. You have 32 seconds to answer a ton of questions. And... Here we go. Lily's favorite color?
Marshall: It's Robin.
Marshall: I think Ted whispered the word "yellow". It is equally untrue. (Later...) This game is called... raising the cost of perfection.
Marshall: Thank you. You wrote all that you love our queen of the day. And Lilypad, you must guess who wrote what. "From his friends to his students, Lily that everyone in his life..."
Marshall: "... feel loved. She makes the best cookies oatmeal raisin-, The Goonies knows by heart... "
Marshall: "And that's the strongest person I know. I can not imagine my life without her. I love you, Lily.
Marshall: Too cute. Lily, guess who wrote it. "You look really nice."
Marshall: Who wants a party hat? I'm a bird! All do the bird!
Marshall: Or we could continue the descent on the Avenue Best Birthday.
Marshall: My friends, I made a song for tonight. Follow me, the chorus is this: Merry, Merry Lily-anniversary...
Marshall: Actually, sorry, man. I had you taken to Lily.
Marshall: They are not all bad. Like... this. Look. I have my eyes open.
Marshall: 2 months. And I just started making love. I was not ready to stop for 2 months.
Marshall: I'm so excited to remake love.
Marshall: 2 months! My balls were blue! Blue!
Marshall: Attention Lily. It's a trap.
Marshall: It puts an end to all this conversation about the bitches.Back to the birthday song! Barney, your part is this: "She's cute She's cute."
Marshall: You must order more food?
Marshall: Look. We're all friends again! Now working on the harmonies. Merry, Merry Lily-versary! Merry, Merry Lily-versary!
Marshall: "42nd"? Does the f*cking bomb appeared to have 42 years? Or worse, she has a mind to call Lori?!
Marshall: If Lily is serious. Get out of this stranger in my house!
Marshall: Out!
Marshall: You've ruined Lily's birthday and you want me to apologize? At worst, you should apologize.
Marshall: You bring her girls at our parties, and it lets them believe that things are serious. After the largues when you, you know to whom they turn? Me. I was the cleaning crew of your girlfriends for years.
Marshall: I had just returned from a marathon to study the law library. Hi, Natalie, where is Ted?
Marshall: You know what? I have not slept for 36 hours. Just a few minutes.
Marshall: And at first I was totally sympathetic. But damn, Ted, over the years, you made me cynical.
Marshall: I'll get us something to eat, and we'll talk about it until it is clear.
Marshall: Me too. Yeah. But you know, life goes darling.
Marshall: Shut up.
Marshall: Cheap Shot. Low blow.
Marshall: It's not that she would not, but she said that penguins are zero. Penguins.
Marshall: Actually, it was a good evening.
Marshall: It's true.
Marshall: No! Why not sitcom of the 80s with two roommates who never agree?
Marshall: Yeah. Just one second per cons. We are writing history. We'll take our first picture of roommate.
Marshall: What are you doing, Ted? And if one breaks?
Marshall: Come.
Marshall: Your brain is too predictable associations.
Marshall: Yeah, do you need a drink or something?
Marshall: Not again. Come on, dude, we all know how this movie ends. Ted falls in love. Love kicks Ted in the sprouts. Roll credits.
Marshall: This wedding does sound pretty amazing though. Fancy hotel ballroom, everybody all dressed up.
Marshall: Oh yeah, OK, that's a pretty fair assessment of our two arguments.
Marshall: You know what, excuse me if I don't wanna get married barefoot in the woods next to Lake No-one's-gonna-drive-that-far. Yes, I want a ballroom and I want a band and I want shoes.
Marshall: Well, I thought marriage was about two equal partners sharing a life together.
Marshall: Bye babe.
Marshall: Wow.
Marshall: Ted, no. Let it go. She's about to get married. She's got enough to worry about.
Marshall: The only thing you can do. Tell Robin she can't come.
Marshall: Well, if a magazine says so, we should go get married in the woods like a couple of squirrels.
Marshall: Like you could possibly know that.
Marshall: What? How?
Marshall: Oh, you went around the bride. "Oh, this hornet's nest looks harmless. Maybe I'll poke it with a stick. Oh, look, some gremlins, let me go feed them after midnight." Did you known about this?
Marshall: Ha! So you admit it, the groom should have an equal say.
Marshall: So I can invite whoever I want.
Marshall: So, it begins.
Marshall: Ted, focus.
Marshall: Well, feel terrible later. Right now, we gotta fix this. Lily, you go down to the bar and comfort Claudia. Ted and I will go and try to talk some sense into Stuart.
Marshall: Oh, come on, man, you don't mean that.
Marshall: Dude, who doesn't.
Marshall: Stuart, don't get married.
Marshall: I'm sorry. Being in a couple is hard and committing, making sacrifices, it's hard. But if it's the right person, then it's easy. Looking at that girl and knowing she's all you really want out of life, that should be the easiest thing in the world. And if it's not like that, then she's not the one. I'm sorry.
Marshall: So, admit it, this wedding is both indoors and amazing.
Marshall: Crab puffs were incredible.
Marshall: Definitely. Hey, we just agreed on something.
Marshall: I think we did.
Marshall: Oh, I thought the red sauce was like aweome.
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: You were there. It was the...
Marshall: Good to see you.
Marshall: How's it going?
Marshall: What did you say?
Marshall: Robin, you're gonna marry this man so freaking hard, right in the butt.
Marshall: What would your viewers think?
Marshall: It is true. It's very rare that two people just meet and fall madly in love... like Robin and Don.
Marshall: Well, dog my cats! I think I know what's going on here. Robin... did you WANT Don to ask out?
Marshall: You want us to arrange your marriage?
Marshall: You're waiting for me to comment on your self-assigned nickname? Well, here's my comment. I love it.
Marshall: Teddy Westside? Continue.
Marshall: And a healthy splash of Drakkar Noir. (they hive five) (Robin giggles)
Marshall: I love that blazer. Almost as much as Robin loves Don.
Marshall: Robin, neurologically speaking, the part of the human brain that makes you hate people is located right next to the part of the brain that makes you want to jump people's bones. The two responses are so similar, it's hard to tell them apart.
Marshall: Relationships are like that. I mean, look, when you first met Don, you hated him, you thought "This guy's a duck", but one of these days you're gonna realize "This is actually someone that I love, he's a rabbit".
Marshall: What?!!
Marshall: I got... ducks are... ducks are... rabbits are adorable. Ducks are aargh. Have you ever been in a fight with a duck? I mean, ducks are... jerks.
Marshall: (yelling) We're not talking about flavour, Ted.
Marshall: Who carries a duck's foot for good luck? Anyone?
Marshall: Because it's illegal, Ted!
Marshall: FINE! I CAN SEE IT! YOU WIN!
Marshall: Duck's good... (long pause, then whispers...) rabbit's bad.
Marshall: I'll allow it.
Marshall: Aren't we supposed to go on a double date with Ted?
Marshall: Oh, no.
Marshall: Hey! Hey, wanna get married?
Marshall: (to the 1st one) Wanna marry my friend Ted? (to the 2nd one) Wanna marry my friend Ted? (to the 3d one) Wanna marry my friend Ted?
Marshall: Hey, just real quick... (the girl pepper-sprays him, he writhes in pain) you wanna marry my friend Ted?
Marshall: This is stupid. You know what, we forgot about this. I'm sure Ted did also.
Marshall: Oh, thank god, you're here!
Marshall: No. Ted. We got her. It's, it's the craziest thing. We were searching all week and then a couple hours ago...
Marshall: Trudy?
Marshall: Blah Blah?
Marshall: Relationship?
Marshall: Natalie?
Marshall: Well, she's not getting any younger.
Marshall: We have to find Ted a wife. We're being too choosey. It almost doesn't matter who it is at this point. (both look over at Barney's phone)
Marshall: I know, I know... but no, then we met her and Ted... she's a world-class violinist, she's a gourmet cook and she can quote every line from Caddy Shack.
Marshall: Oh but Natalia, tell Ted the problem.
Marshall: (whispers too) Federal law expressly dictates that a foreign national can't maintain residency for longer than six months without a work visa.
Marshall: Why would Ted order the rabbit if he's just gonna run out?
Marshall: Oh, thank god, you're here.
Marshall: Lily. (hands her the phone). No. No! (Barney grabs his neck) Aaaargh.
Marshall: Hey, Lily needs some gift ideas for Stella's wedding shower. Does she like to cook?
Marshall: What's her favorite color?
Marshall: Well, does she have any hobbies?
Marshall: Dude, you don't know anything about the woman you're marrying.
Marshall: What color are her eyes?
Marshall: Which is?
Marshall: No, Ted, I like Stella a lot. She's a Mets fan.
Marshall: It's just that everything with you has moved so fast. You've only known each other a few months. Don't you think maybe you should slow things down a little bit? Get to know each other better?
Marshall: We have to go.
Marshall: She's never seen Star Wars?! Ted, the only people in the universe who haven't seen Star Wars are the characters, and that's 'cause they lived them. That's 'cause they lived theStar Wars.
Marshall: I told you. You didn't know this girl well enough. What if... you show it to her, she doesn't like it?
Marshall: Star Wars is your all-time favorite movie, and whether or not Stella likes it is actually important. It's like, it's a test of how compatible you guys are.
Marshall: You can't.
Marshall: I do.
Marshall: Off to a bad start.
Marshall: I'm making sure my best friend is marrying the right woman. That's what I'm doing.
Marshall: I really do, don't I?
Marshall: Should I leave, too?
Marshall: She's up to the scene where Luke, Leia, Han and Chewy escape from the Death Star's trash compactor.
Marshall: Great scene! Okay, we should have just heard... but Stella didn't make a peep.
Marshall: I'll tell her you still want to be friends.
Marshall: You hated it, didn't you?
Marshall: Wookiee.
Marshall: He's a Wookiee, and his kind is actually more intelligent than they appear. That is Ted's favorite movie of all time. He watches it when he's home sick with the flu. He watches it on rainy Sunday afternoons in the fall. He watches it on Christmas Eve. Ted watches Star Wars in sickness and in health, in good times and in bad. Do you really think that you can pretend to like a movie that you actually hate for the rest of your life?
Marshall: Then, Ted's a lucky guy. Bear.
Marshall: How'd you even do that?
Marshall: Oh, Quinn? Yeah?
Marshall: Barney!
Marshall: Robots vs. Wrestlers?
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Barney is right. It is impossible to deny that.
Marshall: Absolutely. A small road.
Marshall: But you can see.
Marshall: But you can see the exit sign.
Marshall: You should put yourself on track.
Marshall: Ted! It was our first post! It is popular. It was... a golf magazine for... Marissa Heller. A catalog of wicker furniture, also Marissa Heller. And a voucher for a bird shop... addressed to Marissa Heller... or check it out... "Current Resident." It's us! It has mail!
Marshall: It depends, on the invitation, it's about robots fighting wrestlers to rule the galaxy?
Marshall: I'm flattered but Lily should.
Marshall: She has beautiful teeth. It should not need the reminder cards to go to the dentist.
Marshall: I'm not dressed for it.
Marshall: You have nothing that resembles a mini cheeseburger?
Marshall: Mini pizzas? French fries? Something that makes me think I'm a giant?
Marshall: He will watch it.
Marshall: I know how to find it. Just a second... (They clap a gong) gongs, eh? Stronger than we think.
Marshall: It is the relic of his wife 500 years that has not been hit since WS Gilbert at the premiere of The Mikado in London in 1885.
Marshall: Can I talk for a second?
Marshall: Grave. We are going. It's time for Robots vs. Wrestlers.
Marshall: The best tradition of all time!
Marshall: You can not?
Marshall: The world is pretty cool right now.
Marshall: Babies.
Marshall: Holy sh1t!
Marshall: Dude, what's your thing with the breasts of my woman tonight?
Marshall: Do you really think about all this?
Marshall: For what it's worth, I think we are ready. We love, we are financially stable, and frankly, it would change that much the way we live.
Marshall: I blame the boy for the rest of his life.
Marshall: You're right. No need to rush.
Marshall: Sure, it goes without saying.
Marshall: Deal.
Marshall: Our costumes? Do they rule?
Marshall: Tarzan nipple blue.
Marshall: Robin, what are you doing for Halloween?
Marshall: So why haven't we met him?
Marshall: Hey, Ted, you'll never guess what happened?
Marshall: Our costumes...yes, that is why we're best friends.
Marshall: A cocktail she invented herself.
Marshall: Right here, babe.
Marshall: Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. What's her take on Ewoks?
Marshall: Oh good. I don't know why people are so cynical about Ewoks. The Rebellion would have failed without the Ewoks.
Marshall: Oh, penguins are cool, kinda like black and white Ewoks. I approve.
Marshall: So, what do you think?
Marshall: Oh, yeah. Weirdly hot, right?
Marshall: First prize, $50 gift certificate at the bar.
Marshall: $100
Marshall: What a sad commentary on our national attention span that we could forget such a turbulent time in our political history.
Marshall: Again?
Marshall: It's an elaborate costume.
Marshall: Seriously, does my eye liner look OK?
Marshall: That might be true but your rice pilaf kicked my spinach in the crotch so hard it threw up a little bit.
Marshall: This is gonna be a slaughter. None of these other costumes even come close to ours.
Marshall: I still think we should have won as Sonny and Cher. Maybe if I had worn that red dress. Ha! If I could turn back time.
Marshall: Apple tart, excellent choice, Lilypad.
Marshall: So this Italian place? How's their cannoli?
Marshall: Oh yeah!
Marshall: Wait. What did he say?
Marshall: Gay pirate, where are you getting that from?
Marshall: OK, I just want everybody here to know that I'm not a gay pirate. I have s*x with my parrot all the time. That came out wrong. Oh yeah, it doesn't matter! We won!
Marshall: I love you too, Lilypad.
Marshall: What advice do you have for a budding anthropologist?
Marshall: Yep. When I grow up, I want to go live with the gorillas, just like you did.
Marshall:...and if economic sanctions and trade restrictions aren't enforced, the destruction of the rainforests will continue and over a million species will be wiped out.
Marshall: I'm saying that the coffee industry is causing irreversible...
Marshall: Okay, one cup. The kid needs to be alert. First day on the job and everything.
Marshall: Okay, it's just an internship to make a little money. After law school, I'm going to work for the NRDC. They're gonna stop global warming.
Marshall: Okay, I love you because, one, you made me a sack lunch and two, you laugh every time you say the word "sack".
Marshall: I love you.
Marshall: Uh-oh. Ted?
Marshall: Yeah. Yeah, she did.
Marshall: How many is that so far?
Marshall: God, that is so me at 15.
Marshall: Whoa. That is a butt-load of motivational posters.
Marshall: There's one for awesomeness?
Marshall: Hey, so, now that I'm working here, are you finally going to tell me exactly what your job is?
Marshall: Marshall Eriksen. Nice to meet you.
Marshall: Where, I don't, I don't see...
Marshall: I don't have a back door.
Marshall: Right. Well, uh... I'm engaged, so--
Marshall: We're still engaged, even if she's...
Marshall: I don't wanna talk about it. The guys I work with are a bunch of jerks.
Marshall: They're jerks!
Marshall: Forget it, I don't want to talk about it. Well, like today at lunch..
Marshall: For your information, my fiancee did.
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Nothing. Give it.
Marshall: Give it.
Marshall: Give it back. Hey, give it. Gimme... Give it!
Marshall: I know. God. It's like freshman year all over again. Only this time, my sweet dance moves aren't going to be enough to win them over. Not even Old Reliable.
Marshall: I quit.
Marshall: We're not even working together, Barney. I'm in the legal department and you're... Seriously, what is it that you do?
Marshall: I'm sorry, dude, this corporate thing, it's just... it's not for me.
Marshall: What?
Marshall: The package?
Marshall: Lily doesn't care about that stuff.
Marshall: She'll be happy.
Marshall: I guess, uh... Bea Arthur.
Marshall: Barney, how do I get these idiots to leave me alone?
Marshall: The penguins?
Marshall: "Conformity. It's the one who's different that gets left out in the cold." This is a motivational poster?
Marshall: Not necessarily. Okay, at first, I was appalled, but then I realized it's just like Dr. Aurelia Birnholz-Vasquez in Life Among the Gorillas. I have to gain the acceptance of the herd by behaving exactly like one of them. It's an anthropological study. Isn't that cool?
Marshall: No, no, no. It's totally anthropological and it's cool and I'm doing it.
Marshall: I'm portraying someone who succumbs to peer pressure.
Marshall: Only when I'm drunk.
Marshall: Oh, I am. I'm, I'm psyched.
Marshall: I'm psyched!
Marshall: Wow, that was really specific.
Marshall: So badly.
Marshall: Right. Get what done?
Marshall: Cool. And what guy is this?
Marshall: Okay, all right, I, uh, I think I'm ready.
Marshall: All right. So dude, check it. I'm in San Diego with two of my bro-sephs from Kappa, and they're all, "Yo, Eriksen, let's roll to the strip clubs." So I'm, like, "Snapadoo!" So we find this choice nudie nest near the airport......and that is when the bouncer kicked us out. Now, I have no idea if Svetlana ever got her green card, but dudes, fake diamond ring? Worth every penny, bruh.
Marshall: 'Sup, Blauman? E-bomb here. We still on for karaoke? Dope. I'm going to rock you on the mike so hard your hears are going to bleed gravy. Catch you on the flip, butt puppet.
Marshall: Steak sauce.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: Lily, when Dr. Aurelia Birnholz-...
Marshall: Why?
Marshall: Okay, those guys were mean at first, yes, but they're actually good guys, and if you got to know them, then you would see that. Come karaoke with us tonight, and you'll see how totally not that lame they are, okay?
Marshall: So, Barney, you gonna sing anything?
Marshall: Really? I thought you'd be totally into it.
Marshall: "Don't Go Breaking My Heart." Elton John, Kiki Dee.
Marshall: "Iron Man." I could do "Iron Man."
Marshall: Nothing has changed, okay? I still want to help the environment. I just thought that maybe I could make some money for a few years. We could buy an apartment, send our kids to good schools. You could quit your job and focus on your painting. I know that you say you don't need it, but... I love you and I want to give it to you anyway. I want to give you the package.
Marshall: Lily, you're the most incredible woman I know, and you deserve a big package.
Marshall: Hey, hey.
Marshall: Yeah. Yeah. How you doing?
Marshall: Oh, God, I'm sorry, man.
Marshall: Preserving something that's already gone. Sounds like environmental law.
Marshall: *Don't go breakin' my heart*
Marshall: *Honey, if I get restless*
Marshall: MAQACENJaR?
Marshall: You're writing another book? Stephen King was one right there.
Marshall: I do not see how it could not walk.
Marshall: And you Robin? You leave it in play? Where is your book of Roles?
Marshall: Bluntly.
Marshall: Very soon.
Marshall: Kelly Harris, a fellow law school, said... "The law school is too hard, I want to focus on courses. "Six months later?Married!
Marshall: Matthew Blitz, accounting job, said... "I will die alone.To focus as much on taxes this year. "Six months later? PACS and plans to marry pending the enactment of the Act currently in the Senate from New York!
Marshall: Judged. By nature.
Marshall: Another chicken and stick to you the crown!
Marshall: But you can put three times more than chicken fingers in your mouth. You know.
Marshall: I agree. You've seen one called The Sn&aring;sa?
Marshall: Grave.
Marshall: It's like that. Have you any idea how many times in my life when I went to look for frozen waffles frozen in vain?
Marshall: Millions. But when I go in search of a mirror or the remote because Lily and I had an argument and she has hidden there, whereupon I fall? Frozen waffles. It's like that. You go out to get the newspaper, but you come back with frozen waffles.And there, frozen waffles he's a guy. As long as you're there, you take it back frozen waffles? And there, frozen waffles are... frozen waffles.
Marshall: And yet this is not the worst. Do you saw My pen1s grants wishes?
Marshall: It's not very well designed. This is not Ms. Stinsfire.
Marshall: Sure baby, but there is something odd. I flipped through the whole book. There is no role called The Diver.
Marshall: I have no idea. And it's killing us, Claire. It kills us!
Marshall: She is getting married.
Marshall: I have to check my tuxedo.
Marshall: It's a coffee, huh?
Marshall: I'm proud of him. It takes a lot of Pringles to be as vulnerable.
Marshall: It is. You say you do not want a relationship. Well, the love of your life will not pass this door, and this is... this kind.
Marshall: Right, because here it is. It is this type! (A woman enters) Let him at least a chance. Get out a bit with it, see if it can give something.
Marshall: Yeah, right.
Marshall: You don't have to. Please, it's going to be embarrassing and we're going to have to stop coming here, which will suck... in addition to probably being kind of healthy.
Marshall: Oy, gevalt.
Marshall: I cannot believe that she gave him her number.
Marshall: Or Kim Gordon from Sonic Youth.
Marshall: So, what, you think fate's just going to take care of it?
Marshall: Awesome. So awesome. God! Best girl ever. Screw these pancakes, I should cover you in syrup and gobble you up.
Marshall: Oh, yeah, that totally got me yesterday.
Marshall: Oh...! These pancakes are delightful.
Marshall: This is the high point of my day.
Marshall: Hey, Barney, I had some questions about filling out these requisition forms.
Marshall: I don't have time to be creepy, dude. I have a lot of work to do.
Marshall: So?
Marshall: Oh! Sweet Lord.
Marshall: Ooh! Duck! That is sick! Why would you do that?
Marshall: You?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: This is stupid.
Marshall: This is a job for me, Barney. It's a way to make some extra wedding money, and that's it. Now I'm sorry, but I have work to do.
Marshall: I get it. Thank you, Tracy.
Marshall: You wanted to see me, so I guess that means we're talking again?
Marshall: Tastes normal to me.
Marshall: Oh, God!
Marshall: Well, then why did you have me drink it?!
Marshall: Okay. Don't think I'm overlooking the obvious fact that I should just be mad at you. But Executive Mischief Consultant Marshall Eriksen reporting for duty. Let's make that b*st*rd pay. You think that we should brush our teeth first?
Marshall: So all we need is one large shipping box and 100 white mice.
Marshall: Is that Ted?
Marshall: Don't you have a big date tonight?
Marshall: So what are you doing in Duchess County?
Marshall: Okay, well, hang on. I'm coming to get you.
Marshall: Relax, man. I'll take the Fiero.
Marshall: So that's the prank? That you're not in Duchess County?
Marshall: You know, over at the NRDC, it's a bunch of really committed people who take their job of saving the earth very, very seriously. Which is great, and everything, but I can't imagine having this much fun over there.
Marshall: Maybe. Don't tell Lily, okay?
Marshall: No.
Marshall: Horrible.
Marshall: Tomorrow morning, Barney's going to send out the package, and Butterfield's going to be knee-deep in angry white mice. Oh, hey, dude.
Marshall: Look, guys, I know milk is important-- it's got vitamin A, vitamin D, it's a great way to start the morning-- but Ted just had a huge date. How'd it go, dude?
Marshall: What? Why?
Marshall: Why? She sounds perfect.
Marshall: Oh, God, not this again. Ted, it's a mistake.
Marshall: Wrong. It's a mistake you don't have to make. Look at the evidence. You and Robin have tried this again and again...
Marshall: The 'oh' moment?
Marshall: I'm not afraid of Sasquatch. I just think we should all be on alert.
Marshall: So, after the shower, I was brushing my teeth, and I was like, oh man, I wanted to have some orange juice, I should have done that first, but I already had the toothpaste on the toothbrush so I just went ahead and brushed them anyway.
Marshall: You know what it might be. This is gonna sound a little crazy but what if robin's married?
Marshall: Well, maybe she got married at the mall. Back home in Minnesota a ton of people would get married at the Mall of America, it's great. It's a gorgeous indoor golf course for pictures. Numerous fine dining options, and talk about a reasonable price...
Marshall: Just meet with the guy.
Marshall: Because she already got married, at the mall.
Marshall: She's a pretty private person.
Marshall: Oh, I'm sure there is. Just like I have a friend who wet his bed till he was ten. Use your brain, Ted.
Marshall: Robin is not in p0rn. I'll bet you anything that she's married.
Marshall: I don't have 20,000.
Marshall: Well.
Marshall: Whoever's right gets to slap the other person in the face as hard as they possibly can, but no rings.
Marshall: Um, if a problem arises and we need a ruling, that's your job. Barney: But you have to be unbiased and put the integrity of slap bet above all else. This is an honor you will take with you to your grave. On your tombstone, it will read "Lily Aldrin, caring wife, loving friend, Slap Bet Commissioner."
Marshall: And your tombstone will read, "got slapped by Marshall so hard, he died."
Marshall: Well, what did you expect? You've seen my pen1s.
Marshall: Ha ha ha.
Marshall: You know what, in some countries, if you've been separated for longer than five years, technicall, you're no longer married. I can check it out at the law library at school.
Marshall: I can see my hand print on your face.
Marshall: I won the bet. Why are you still searching?
Marshall: Hey. Listen, dude, I gotta talk to you, but you gotta promise me that you won't tell Barney.
Marshall: Robin's not married.
Marshall: I don't know but I cross-checked every record in Canada. There's no record of her ever being married.
Marshall: I promise you, she's not married. She's not great at parking legally either.
Marshall: You gotta lawyer her. You gotta ask her a bunch of questions, try to trip her up, maybe make her feel guilty, whatever it takes to get a confession out of her.
Marshall: What are you talking about? Barney: I know Robin was never really married.
Marshall: How could you possibly know that?
Marshall: Uh, let's see. Uh, first, I took the subway to school, and I got a bagel. Then I went to the library and found out Robin was never married. Crazy. And then I was hungry again so I went down to the vending machine...
Marshall: You told him? Lily: I had to. I'm Slap Bet Commissioner. Baby, this hurts me more than it's gonna hurt you.
Marshall: Three?
Marshall: I don't wanna get slapped again.
Marshall: That's you?
Marshall: This is the 90's. Why does it look like 1986?
Marshall: Taking a break from the first of many viewings, I can't help but notice that this isn't p0rn.
Marshall: Looks like someone suffered from premature slapulation
Marshall: Relax, dude, I'm just going for my soda, man. Take it easy. This is gonna be fun.
Marshall: That's one.
Marshall: The robot! Hey!
Marshall: (trying to console her) I know. I Know. So... has the boat sailed on s*x tonight or...
Marshall: It's just a little something that we got for you that used to belong to my favourite professor of all time.
Marshall: Finish our drinks, go out in the alley, and whip stuff.
Marshall: OK Ted, You got first whip!
Marshall: Make him whip the habit! I'so excited about this whip! I got whip fever! Just whip him, Ted! Don't even aim! Just whip him!
Marshall: It's just the whip's not a toy. There's such a thing as common sense, you know.
Marshall: I will, some other time.
Marshall: Mistake number 3, dude, where was the hat? Cause if you're not going to wear it, I'm taking it back.
Marshall: Would you just have the talk, okay? It's a five-minute conversation, and then you get to have s*x afterwards. It's great! Back me up, Ted.
Marshall: What?!
Marshall: Just once, I wish you guys would call me on Tuxedo Night.
Marshall: Hey, guys.
Marshall: (reading): We're just hanging out."
Marshall: (whipping with the whip) Not good enough!
Marshall: (reading the new note slipped by Robin) "We're seeing where things are going."
Marshall: (whipping) Not good enough!
Marshall: (reading the new note) "We're Barnman and Robin." (he laughs) Come on, you got to admit, that's kind of fun, Lily.
Marshall: (whipping) Not good enough!
Marshall: Congratulations, buddy.
Marshall: I think I know how to speed things up
Marshall: Pancakes, fresh bacon. It is so yummy.
Marshall: (whipping) Good enough!
Marshall: Hello. Hello. Good evening. Hello. Don't get up. Didn't we meet on a yacht? Hello.
Marshall: What? Did I not tell you guys that it was Tuxedo Night? Doesn't feel very good, does it?
Marshall: It's the same. Mostly, except I think I might be getting carpal tunnel. My hands keeps cramping up.
Marshall: No, it's from writing all the thank you notes. Mostly.
Marshall: It's all the information your spouse might need all in one convenient location.
Marshall: I am such a jerk.
Marshall: I didn't know that I was supposed to write a letter. All Lily's gonna find in that folder are a bunch of bank statements and a funny list of things to do with my ashes.
Marshall: Number six. Yeah. Oh, God, I am a bad husband. No, uh, no, I'll just write, I'll write Lily a letter tonight, everything'll be fine.
Marshall: Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! I get it, okay, you guys know I'm a little superstitious, and you guys are trying to freak me out. Well, guess what? It didn't work. So, there.
Marshall: You guys are jerks!
Marshall: Wow. Both sides. You wrote on both sides of a thank you note to my third cousin for a blender that you haven't even taken out of the box.
Marshall: Well, if you love that blender so much, why don't you just marry it.
Marshall: Nothing. Nothing's wrong. What could be wrong? Except that when you die, I'm gonna find out that your parting words to comfort me for all eternity were "Cancel Vogue".
Marshall: That was not a letter. It was barely even a text message. Next time you write something that short, at least have the courtesy to make it rhyme.
Marshall: Oh, baby.
Marshall: Hey, babe. I've been thinking about our fight.
Marshall: I'm really, really... surprised that you haven't apologized to me yet.
Marshall: You know that is important to me. Why won't you just write the letter?
Marshall: Really?
Marshall: Lily, I won't, I promise.
Marshall: Do you mind, um, maybe slipping in a little bit of dirty stuff, too?
Marshall: You're the best. And maybe a couple polaroids?
Marshall: Totally. What does it say?
Marshall: Okay. I promise I won't, I won't open that until you're dead.
Marshall: That's it? I suck. Lily.
Marshall: Well, you didn't keep your promise either. I don't see any dirty pictures in here.
Marshall: I don't want 'em now.
Marshall: What?! Nothing. Nothing. You're beautiful. I would love the photos. Have I told you how beautiful you look?
Marshall: Pretty radar chest. This is my wife.
Marshall: Now that you say, Barney did something weird yesterday at the office.
Marshall: I thought he was talking to a girl he just wanted to jump. Or Ted, but now I know more.
Marshall: Where is Barney?
Marshall: Bob Barker is your father.
Marshall: It's a huge Karate Kid poster above your bed.
Marshall: Do not say that. I'm sure you were great.
Marshall: Barney Mom? Loretta.
Marshall: You must tell the truth to your mother, OK? Listen, this is a nice woman, loving, a little too direct that deserves better.
Marshall: I do not feel well to the idea of lying to a woman so warm, OK? It reminds me of my mother. What?
Marshall: She was joking.
Marshall: You're going to say what?
Marshall: The handles are great. Listen, Lily, if you learned something today, is that honesty is important in a family.Whatever your feelings about my mother, we've been together for 12 years, baby. I think I can handle it.
Marshall: You know what? I hate you!
Marshall: Thank you very much, man. Tonight I will not sleep.
Marshall: You can stop with that?
Marshall: I know. Sometimes, honesty leads people to say bad things about the woman who always took care of me because I was the runt of the family. For God's sake, I'm just a 92 m!
Marshall: My mother.
Marshall: That I understand that. You tell me when you watch Karate Kid, you're not in San Daniel?
Marshall: Barney, they are canon.
Marshall: I know. The last one is kinda cute.
Marshall: You have not lost a sock, little guy? This is probably the cutest little thing I've ever seen.
Marshall: No matter, it will be so cute, I'm going to exhaust the first day.
Marshall: We count the unpaid bills on her pretty little fingers.Let's make a baby.
Marshall: So, Robin, when you're in for the job and apartment?
Marshall: Just a dinner. That's it. Nothing else.
Marshall: Enjoy it. It is a good time.
Marshall: Congratulations, buddy.
Marshall: You create a holiday?
Marshall: It looks like a big day of Valentine's Day.
Marshall: That's between me and my wife, sir.
Marshall: I thought it was a lunch.
Marshall: Baby. It's lunchtime in China.
Marshall: It's not a euphemism. Listen... Wait, what does that mean?
Marshall: "For everything you do for your pear, for all the tape on your desk, on the road darkens your Porsche Carrera, I wish you... a night of threesome. Happy Birthday Non-Fathers. "
Marshall: It looks like an Asian hooker.
Marshall: Pub with baby talk?
Marshall: What are you doing here?
Marshall: What?
Marshall: I can not find my file.
Marshall: Gentlemen, Mr. Li, if you will go to page 5 of your file merge. I think...
Marshall: Nothing. I think you are... very beautiful today.
Marshall: I look at the future... of our two companies and it seems very... naked. Will you excuse me one second?
Marshall: We're going nowhere. Each time we go out when you're drunk, you always fall asleep when you enter the...
Marshall: Can you make several turns to make sure she is asleep?
Marshall: I smell pancakes with chocolate?
Marshall: There's no "I wish not to throw up on you" bacon?
Marshall: Baby...
Marshall: I want to be a father now.
Marshall: Last night, it was just... I share between work and drunk baby Lily, it was too. I just begin with this job, I work long hours... I love you. And I really want to have children one day.I just want... I want to be ready for that.
Marshall: You too.
Marshall: Yes.
Marshall: You're the perfect woman.
Marshall: Saving game.
Marshall: Yeah, the building would have had to give you some sort of notice.
Marshall: Well, still, legally, they can't just toss you out onto the street. You have a lease.
Marshall: You sure about this, Ted?
Marshall: So, when Lily and I get married, who's gonna get the apartment?
Marshall: Who?
Marshall: Totally. Let's let those guys handle it.
Marshall: Really? I always thought Shocky's coffee tasted kinda rusty.
Marshall: Also Lily's coffeemaker doesn't, you know, shock you.
Marshall: You know what else wakes you up in the morning? Coffee.
Marshall: That is great.
Marshall: Where do you wanna hang it?
Marshall: Well, those swords have been up there a long time.
Marshall: Yeah. Well, now it's Ed's.
Marshall: No, that's not it. I mean, you basically lived here all along. Ted loves you.
Marshall: I don't know. But when he's ready to talk to me about it he'll come and talk to me about it.
Marshall: You clearly don't know Ted.
Marshall: Your English phone booth arrived.
Marshall: Yeah, I guess. Just not sure if Lily's gonna like it.
Marshall: Of course, we all live here so we should all be able to have things the way we want them.
Marshall: Great
Marshall: Terrific.
Marshall: You like the phone booth. It stays. I like this painting so I'm just gonna hang it...right here on the wall.
Marshall: Bring, bring.
Marshall: Yeah, it's like that.
Marshall: Well, I want it too.
Marshall: Or we could flip a coin.
Marshall: Flip it.
Marshall: Flip it.
Marshall: Flip it.
Marshall: That was five years ago. Now you can get prescription-level antihistamines over the counter. Oh snap. What else you got?
Marshall: You don't need two rooms
Marshall: We might be starting a family soon.
Marshall: It could be sooner, we're not that careful with our birth control Two-zip.
Marshall: Oh, and I suppose you'll get a new roommate? Who's it gonna be? Barney? You know he cooks naked.
Marshall: My fiancé...suddenly, she's my fiancé.
Marshall: No more than I do.
Marshall: Flip it.
Marshall: I guess so.
Marshall: We should probably figure that out.
Marshall: That this is kinda awesome?
Marshall: I can't believe we didn't do this before.
Marshall: That was awesome.
Marshall: Do it again.
Marshall: Oh, boo-freakin-hoo.
Marshall: Woe is me. I'm not married yet. My ovaries are shrinking. Ted, if you wanted to be married by now you would be but you're not. And you know why? Because you're irrationally picky. You're easily distracted and you're utterly anhedonic.
Marshall: Anhedonic. It means you can't enjoy anything.
Marshall: I know, this rules.
Marshall: Hey, I'm sorry I took the swords down.
Marshall: Yeah it did.
Marshall: You remember when we first got these swords?
Marshall: List of lifelong dreams, you're not half as long. Crap. I'm missing one of the screws for this table
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: I stabbed Lily. I stabbed my fiancé.
Marshall: They're just patching her up. She's gonna be fine.
Marshall: That's us.
Marshall: Well, just to be fair, it didn't go all the way through.
Marshall: You're right. I'm sorry. We were fighting to see who gets the apartment. And I won.
Marshall: Uh, you know, if I tried...
Marshall: Gonna miss the old place.
Marshall: Totally.
Marshall: Let's go get some dinner.
Marshall: I love this song. I haven't heard this in forever.
Marshall: Are those...
Marshall: This is a tough one.
Marshall: Violent... Viola...
Marshall: You know, in a totally evolved 21st-century kind of way yeah, a little.
Marshall: Oh, that's easy-- Lily and Marshall Skywalker.
Marshall: I got it. You ready? You ready?
Marshall: Lily and Marshall Awesome. Have you met the Awesomes? Marshall, Lily, their son, Totally and their daughter, Freakin'?
Marshall: I love you, Mrs. Awesome.
Marshall: Every time we get near the food, we get cocktail weiner blocked. We haven't eaten all day.
Marshall: And you look like a pepper-crusted rack of lamb with mint jelly.
Marshall: "Love is patient and kind. "Love does not envy or boast. "It is not arrogant or rude. "Love does not insist on it's own way. "It is not irritable or resentful. "Love bears all things, "believes all things, "hopes all things... "endures all things."
Marshall: Well, technically two.
Marshall: Pepper-crusted rack of lamb, where did you go? It's my wedding night. I was supposed to have my way with you.
Marshall: Yeah...
Marshall: Hey, Stinson. Never lie to a man about a chocolate fountain.
Marshall: Lily, you could have burped or said the word "Yes," but the fact that you did both is exactly why I married you.
Marshall: Okay, Lily. I'm really hungry, so let's just, uh, aim for my mouth, okay? Besides, the smearing the cake thing's a clichée, remember?
Marshall: Lily. Lily, just feed me the cake. Please, baby, I am so hungry. (Lily's so drunk that she falls)
Marshall: And she's okay. She's all right. That was funny. And it's time for the honeymoon. Guys, guys, guys. Thank you so much.
Marshall: Nessie's a she, Ted, come on. Marshall and Lily leave.
Marshall: This is by far the drunkest I've ever seen you. Uh, driver.
Marshall: Ranjit!! Hey, can we make a stop before we head back to the hotel?
Marshall: Um, no, we actually had something else in mind.
Marshall: Lily, go sit down.
Marshall: Hi. Can we get a number one, please, with no pickles? And a number four with no onions.
Marshall: No. But thank you. Actually, we just got married.
Marshall: Thank you.
Marshall: Yeah.
Marshall: My wife...
Marshall: My dad's dead?
Marshall: Hey, guys, sorry, uh... I left my charger back in New York, so my phone's out of juice. Does anyone have...?
Marshall: Uh, outlet. Thank you. Oh...
Marshall: Your son?
Marshall: Guys... Trey Platt terrorized me growing up. He was, he was the toughest bully in school.
Marshall: Hello, Trey. Long time. Mm-hmm. I was not aware that you had become a reverend.
Marshall: Trey Platt. I can't believe my father's funeral service is being led by Trey "The Noogie Machine" Platt.
Marshall: He made me carry it.
Marshall: Bye, Mom.
Marshall: Yeah, Dad?
Marshall: I was gonna make a sandwich with that, Dad. Dad, don't they have food on the plane?
Marshall: "Plane food is ass." Those are the last words my father will ever say to me. Right after I denied the man a pork chop. Oh, God. Wait! I'm wrong! I'm wrong! That wasn't it! They couldn't find a cab so my dad called up from the street.
Marshall: And then, well, see, my dad grew up in a small town, in another generation, so sometimes - totally well-meaningly - he'd say stuff like...
Marshall: Dad...
Marshall: My dad's last words to me were a string of odd racial stereotypes.
Marshall: This is worse than the pork chop.
Marshall: No, wait-- I'm wrong. That wasn't it. They couldn't find a cab, so I went down there.
Marshall: Hey, you were right. The Kangs did, in fact, have an umbrella.
Marshall: Bye, Mom.
Marshall: Crocodile Dundee III is the second-best of the Croc trilogy, so maybe I can live with that. (cell phone beeps) Oh, sorry, my phone's charged.
Marshall: Oh, my God.
Marshall: I have a voice mail from my dad.
Marshall: My phone's been out of juice, so he must've called me the day the he, uh...
Marshall: I hold in my hand the last words my father will ever say to me. I'm gonna hit play.
Marshall: What if it's worse than Crocodile Dundee III? I can't do this. I can't... My mom is about to collapse. I'm gonna...
Marshall: I should go listen to this... alone, okay? I'll be back.
Marshall: I couldn't listen to it. Guys, this is hard.
Marshall: Guys, guys, what if-- God forbid-- all of your dads died right now? What would their last words to you have been? Seriously.
Marshall: How would you like those to be your father's last words?
Marshall: Lawyered. Lily?
Marshall: Lawyered. Robin?
Marshall: Lawyered. Now can we all just admit that last words are, in fact, a big deal?
Marshall: Barney, please, Barney! It's... No more videos, okay? I just need a minute.
Marshall: I'm not going to listen. "Rent Crocodile Dundee II" are the last words that my father will ever say to me, and I think I can live with that.
Marshall: I just need some air.
Marshall: I have to listen to it. It's a pocket dial. It's nothing.
Marshall: You guys don't get it, okay? None of you do. My dad was my hero. And he was my teacher. And he was my best friend. He always came through for me. And now he's just gone. And what am I left with? (scratchy electronic sounds) Thanks a lot, God! Thank you! You took my father, the greatest man that I have ever known, and you ripped him off this Earth, way too young! And he'll never get to meet our kids, Lily. (scratchy sounds continue) But we got this voice mail. Thank you so much for the voice mail! It's a great comfort! 'Cause whenever I'm starting to feel lonely or sad, or-- or you know what, or maybe a little bit cheated, at least I got the sound of his pocket to console me. How is this fair? You know, like, an entire human life and it just ends for no reason, and... and what are we left with?
Marshall: "I love you." My father's last words to me are "I love you."
Marshall: "I love you." My father's last words to me are "I love you."
Marshall: Bye, Pop.
Marshall: Then my father said the last words that he'll ever say to me: "Rent Crocodile Dundee III. I caught it on the cable last night and it totally holds up."
Marshall: Oh, man. I should have rented Crocodile Dundee III.
Marshall: Thanks. I'll be right back. And if I don't come back, well, then these are my last words to you all. I really, really, really love you guys. Now I'm going to go drop a deuce.
Marshall: Oh, yeah.
Marshall: Baby, these satin sheets are slippery. Papa needs traction.
Marshall: As you know, Papa likes to get down with enthusiasm.
Marshall: And without traction, Papa's likely to boogie himself right out of bed. It's either these or soccer cleats.
Marshall: Nice! I love that guy. Max is both his name and his level of awesomeness.
Marshall: Why would you tell me that?
Marshall: No! The other part!
Marshall: Ah! Don't! Stop saying that! Why do you keep saying that? You... I don't want to know that. I'm not going to be able to look the guy in the eye. I'm certainly not going to be able to call him "Max."
Marshall: Just don't!
Marshall: Pff. That's not true. Uh, sometimes smaller is better. "Hey, look how big my cell phone is!" You don't hear people say that. No. You want something compact and efficient that fits comfortably in your pocket, and I think Max is just a great guy.
Marshall: Impossible. Max's pen1s is stuck in my brain like a splinter. Like a splinter-sized splinter.
Marshall: Whoa! Sweet wrestling name alert.
Marshall: And you're welcome.
Marshall: Hey, hey. I bet it's not that small.
Marshall: Yeah, but, uh, you know what they say. The important thing is-is how you use it, you know? "The motion of the ocean." That whole thing.
Marshall: I'm just saying that I bet it's bigger than he thinks. And thick.
Marshall: Well, spare no expense, buddy. Dinner is on me, and-and get dessert. Maybe this molten chocolate lava cake? I just want you to be happy.
Marshall: We'll just be here. (He gives a hug to Max)You're great.
Marshall: I know.
Marshall: It's your fault! You ladies and your salty sailor talk!
Marshall: Locker room talk. Do you want to know what it's like in a men's locker room?
Marshall: It's just a bunch of uncomfortable dudes trying to get out of there as quickly as possible. And one old guy just letting it all hang out.
Marshall: Yes, we do, but you know what we say? "I hit that.""I got some.""I tapped it." "I squeezed those." Discreet and efficient.
Marshall: Thank God that I'm not dating. If I thought that Lily talked in that much detail about our s*x life, I'd probably kill myself. Oh, no. What did you tell her?
Marshall: Are you sure?
Marshall: Uh, is this working for you?
Marshall: I can't... I can't do this! I can't stop thinking about you and Robin!
Marshall: Look, no. You know what? Why don't you just... Why don't you just call Robin, okay, and have a good laugh about it? Whoa! Traction could have prevented that.
Marshall: No. You know what? Papa don't back down from a fight. So why don't you tell Robin... about this!
Marshall: "Musky scent of man."
Marshall: How's it going with Robin?
Marshall: Really? Why? You with her?
Marshall: Guys, come on. What is it?
Marshall: I... What do you think it was, Murray?
